<root>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/now-microsoft-eyes-stake-in-jio/story-AFLHYwozmBPB0L6Y3ffzyI.html</url>
<title>Now, Microsoft eyes stake in Jio</title>
<body >Microsoft Corp. is negotiating an investment of as much as $2 billion in billionaire Mukesh Ambanis Jio Platforms Ltd, the digital unit of Indias most valuable company, said two people aware of the discussions. Microsoft has been in discussions with several players in the digital payments services space. With Reliance, Microsoft is interested in buying a more than a 2.5% stake in Jio Platforms, one of the two people cited above said, seeking anonymity. If the negotiations are successful, the worlds most valuable company will get a slice of Jio Platforms that has already attracted investments worth $10 billion in just a month from marquee investors, including Facebook Inc., KKR  Co., Silver Lake, Vista Equity Partners and General Atlantic. While Microsoft has shown a keen interest in cementing its partnership with Jio Platforms by buying a stake in the company, there is no guarantee that the investment will go through, the second person said, also requesting anonymity. In February, Microsofts chief executive Satya Nadella said the company has forged a partnership with Reliance Jio. As part of the deal, Reliance Jio plans to set up data centres across the country and use Microsoft Azures cloud services for enterprise clients. While a Microsoft spokesperson said the company does not have any information to share here, an email sent to Reliance Industries did not elicit a response. Foreign investors are making a beeline for Jio Platforms as they seek to tap Indias fast-growing digital market. Jio Platforms combines all of Reliances digital and telecom initiatives, including Jio digital services (mobile, broadband), apps, tech capabilities (artificial intelligence, Big Data, Internet of Things, etc.,) and other investments such as in Den Networks, Hathway Cable and Datacom Ltd. The latest investment by KKR was announced on May 22. The buyout firm agreed to pay 11,367 crore for a 2.32% stake in Jio Platforms, in what would be KKRs single-largest investment in Asia so far. The deals have fetched Jio Platforms a valuation of around 4.91 lakh crore. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-china-standoff-explained-bridge-over-troubled-waters/story-mcljIoRC0TUp3UqRjOtbmI.html</url>
<title>India China standoff explained: Bridge over troubled waters</title>
<body >India has matched the China armys deployment in terms of troops, capacity and resources in eastern Ladakh that is witnessing four simultaneous standoffs between the two armies. Here is everything you need to know about the Ladakh standoff. What is the Ladakh standoff about? China has moved two brigade strength of Peoples Liberation Army, over 6000 soldiers and support elements, at four locations in eastern Ladakh, three in the Galwan Valley and one near Pangong Lake. In response, India had also moved an equal number of high-altitude warfare troops to these areas closer to the Line of Actual Control. Have the Chinese soldiers intruded into Indian territory? No. Initial information suggests that the Chinese troops have not expanded the disputed areas of the border either Galwan or Pangong Tso but their presence in large numbers is seen to be adopting an aggressive posture. The troop buildup is Chinas response to border projects on the Indian side that would make these areas easily accessible to Indian soldiers and heavy weaponry. ALSO WATCH |India-China tension | Donald Trumps offer, more troops at LAC: All updates  Do the Chinese attempt to stall projects on our side? India is playing catch up with China that has built an extensive border infrastructure and laid metalled roads to connect all military outposts to their base camps. But there have been ongoing efforts by the Chinese army, now and then, to stall projects at Pangong Tso, Galwan and Depsang Plains. What is the latest dispute over? The first standoff between the two sides is happening around the Pangong lake. Overlooking the lake is the Sirijap range, which has several cliffs jutting out. These are numbered 1 to 8 by the military. Indias LAC claim line extends to Finger 8. Chinese PLAs patrol teams normally come from behind Finger 8 cliff and are intercepted by Indian patrol around Finger 6. Since the Chinese forces are able to spend a considerable amount of time on the Indian side of the claim line before they are detected, the army decided to build a new observation point at Finger 8 that would give Indian soldiers a birds eye view of the area and spot Chinese patrols as soon as they entered the area. This time, a large number of Chinese PLA soldiers reached the area near Finger 6 where they are usually intercepted to put pressure on the Indian side to halt work at the observation post. A scuffle broke out between the Indian and Chinese soldiers near the lake on the night of May 5-6 but a flare-up was avoided as both armies stuck to protocols to resolve the stand-off. And the other? The second dispute started over a  60-metre long bridge being built by India in the Depsang Plains across the Galwan rivulet. This point is close to the confluence of the rivulet to the Shyok River. This bridge, once complete, would give soldiers easy access to Daulat Beg Oldie, the last military post south of the Karakoram Pass. In the absence of the road, this outpost is supplied via mule trains from Murgo. The PLA beefed up its presence on its side of the LAC at Patrolling Points 14, 15 and 17. These locations are about six kilometres to the east to the confluence. The Chinese soldiers have not crossed into Indian territory but their posturing is considered aggressive. Is this similar to the 2013 faceoff between the two sides? Strictly speaking, this time the thousands of soldiers that have been moved by both sides arent really face to face as was the case in 2013. But at that time also, the faceoff that took place at Ladakhs Depsang Plains was aimed at browbeating the Indian side into stopping building roads and an observation post in Himachal Pradeshs Chumar, a days mountainous drive from Depsang. Why do the two sides keep on having border standoffs? One reason is the Chinese attempt to stop construction activities on the Indian side. The second reason is linked to the differing perceptions of the Line of Actual Control, which in eastern Ladakh, generally corresponds to the position reached as a result of the 1962 conflict. Are the two countries making efforts to end the standoff? India responded to the belligerence displayed by the Chinese side by moving reinforcements to the border hotspots but underlined the importance of ensuring peace and tranquillity in the border regions. President Xi Jinping, who is also head of Chinas military commission, appeared to amp up the rhetoric this week when he told the military to be prepared for war at the National Peoples Congress. But there has been a marked climbdown by Beijing. The peoples congress, an annual meeting of Chinas ceremonial parliament, ends tomorrow. On Wednesday, Chinas foreign ministry stressed that the China-India border area situation is overall stable and controllable and stressed on bilateral negotiations at diplomatic and military levels to de-escalate tension at the border. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/us-ready-willing-and-able-to-mediate-tweets-trump-on-india-china-border-row/story-0Sc0VkxGEVW6w34yrcuA4N.html</url>
<title>Donald Trumps mediation tweet is part of growing anti-China juggernaut</title>
<body >President Donal Trump on Wednesday said he has offered to arbitrate the India-China border dispute in what is being seen as move that will irk Beijing more than New Delhi, given the steadily rising hostility and antipathy towards China in the United States over the Covid-19 outbreak, which comes on top of months of differences over trade and mounting irritation over theft of intellectual property. We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute, Trump wrote in a  tweet Wednesday morning. The United States has been closely watching the latest flare-up on the India-China border, and had sided with India  in its first official response. The flare-ups were  a reminder that Chinese aggression is not always just rhetorical., Alice Wells, the top US diplomat for South and Central Asia had told reporters last week. ALSO WATCH |India-China tension | Donald Trumps offer, more troops at LAC: All updates  Whether its in the South China Sea or whether its along the border with India, we continue to see provocations and disturbing behaviour by China that raises questions about how China seeks to use its growing power, she had added. There were no followup pronouncements from the US since, till the morning tweet from the president, with his offer to mediate. No official explanation was forthcoming of the presidents new offer and it was not clear if either India and China had asked the American leader to intervene. A response is awaited from the White House to a request for more information. But people closely involved with India-US discussions and developments said the presidents tweet conformed to continuing hardening of his antipathy for China, driven by powerful China hawks in the administration,. Its a move to poke the Chinese, surely, said a person familiar with these matters, much like a class teacher calling two squabbling students. China believes it belongs to a more senior class, argument goes, and will not take kindly to being monitored with India by a higher authority. Think how Indians feel when someone offers to arbitrate their dispute with Pakistan, it was said. India will reject the presidents offer as it has rejected all third-party mediation in any of its international disputes as a matter a policy, which has widespread bipartisan endorsement from all political parties. It had earlier rejected President Trumps offer to mediate the dispute with Pakistan within minutes of it being made, at the urging of Prime Minister Imran Khan. President Trump and his Republican allies have been attacking China relentlessly over the Covid-19 outbreak, in a bid to hold it responsible also for its spread in America, which is now the epicenter of the pandemic with the most cases and fatalities. Trump has called for an independent investigation into the origin of the outbreak  American officials have suggested the virus might have leaked from a virology lab in Wuhan  and Chinas handling of it, including the exact magnitude of the devastation their, accusing Beijing of covering it up. On Tuesday the president told reporters to expect the announcement of an interesting action against China, regarding developments in Hong Kong, where protests have broken out against Beijings attempt to criminalize disrespect to the national flag. He did not specify. Were doing something now. I think youll find it very interesting, but I wont be talking about it today, he said responding to a question if he was contemplating sanctions. In recent weeks, the Trump administration has severely restricted US stay of Chinese journalists deemed working for state-run outfits and announced alerts for its pharmaceutical companies and research institutions working on Covid-19 vaccine and therapeutics about Chinese attempts to steal their work through cyber-hacking. Close Trump allies on Capital Hill have been calling for restricting Chinese students only to certain course in institutions of higher studies. Its a scandal to me that we have trained so many of the Chinese communists, Senator Tom Cotton said recently. If Chinese students want to come here and learn Shakespeare and the Federalist Papersthats what they need to learn from America; they dont need to learn quantum computing and artificial intelligence from America. About About two-thirds of Americans  66%  have an unfavourable view of China, according to a new study by the Pew Research Center, conducted in March. This is the most negative rating for the country since the Center began asking the question in 2005 and is up nearly 20 percentage points since the start of the Trump administration. (January 2017), research body said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/wind-patterns-unpredictable-locusts-may-tilt-towards-capital/story-k35OwKak8ZWSfZI9blrSRI.html</url>
<title>Wind patterns unpredictable, locusts may tilt towards Capital</title>
<body >Experts warn that if wind patterns change, the locusts currently headed to Dausa and Karauli districts in Rajasthan may tilt direction towards Delhi. Swarms of the crop destroying insects entered India on April 11. On Monday, parts of Jaipur were overrun by locusts. Scientists at the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said that the wind patterns have been unpredictable this year on account of the western disturbances over northern India. At present, the winds in Delhi are blowing from Rajasthan side. This means that the locust attack could hit Delhi. (However) from May 28, the wind pattern might change to easterly, said Kuldeep Srivastava, head of IMDs regional weather forecasting centre. From Jaipur, their current trajectory till Tuesday afternoon was towards Dausa and Karauli districts in Rajasthan. If the wind pattern further changes towards Delhi then these locust swarms may reach the city, said K L Gurjar, deputy director, Locust Working Organisation. Senior Delhi government officials said that they are waiting for the final alert from the meteorological department and they are ready to tackle the problem. The swarms are capable of covering a distance of 150 km a day and a swarm that covers an area of a square kilometre can eat as much food as 35,000 people in terms of weight. The preparations demand insecticides to be spread. But it is to be done in the day time after the locusts are seen in an area, a senior official in the city governments agriculture department who did not wish to be named said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/uncertainty-on-domestic-flights-caused-by-states-hardeep-puri/story-82Cjz8spC6aeD0vEhEsBqN.html</url>
<title>Uncertainty on domestic flights caused by states: Hardeep Puri</title>
<body >Some states were not ready to resume domestic flight operations, said aviation minister Hardeep Puri, underlining that they had to be persuaded to come on board. The minister talked about the Centres exit strategy from the lockdown, why the government may not be able to provide a financial bailout to airlines in an interview with Hindustan Times Anisha Dutta. Here are the edited excerpts from the interview: Q: Domestic flight resumption took off with a lot of confusion over flight cancellations. Has the situation improved now? A: It is not correct to use the term confusion here. There was uncertainty because some states decided to not resume flight operations on May 25. We have had multiple discussions with them prior to the announcements on the domestic flights. We had also issued a central SOP for domestic travel but many went ahead and issued their own guidelines. Many of their SOPs came in very late and our meeting with the airlines ended by around 9 pm. Many cancellations occurred due to this. The situation is now stabilised and much better with just six cancellations on day two and 445 flight departures ferrying 30,944 passengers and 447 arrival flights with 31,697 passengers. Q: Would it not have been easier if states were taken on board prior to the announcement? A: The states have been on board from day one, contrary to what is being said. Discussions with them started as early as May 15. When we announced the resumption on 22nd, we had held several rounds of discussion, before deciding to give it three more days. There were a few things. First, whether the state is willing to accept, some states were not keen but when they were told economic activity is needed, they changed their mind. Second, are the airports ready? All our airports were ready on the 15th, airlines were ready but they wanted six days notice. What happened in this was two or three states could not take flights, they told us very frankly our doctors and all are not in a position, they are in a cyclone condition so we said you take your timeIt is not a question of explaining why but the press became a commentator, it played headlines like total chaos and some people said lets not fly. What is the chaos? The chaos is on some flights being cancelled. What are the reasons some flights are cancelled? It is very clear because the state government has a problem. Second issue was that the SOPs were issued by the states very late. Now the SOPs are in place. Andhra Pradesh has opened up. West Bengal will on May 28. Q: There are a few Covid-19 positive cases reported in flights since the resumption. Were you prepared for it? A: We were. We have taken the precautions at airports where you dont need any human contact; you print out your boarding pass, your luggage gets sanitised, then you are inside the aircraft with the protective gear and the aircraft is also disinfected. We have taken as many measures as humanly possible. But I keep saying there is a risk in everything. There is a massive conflict between those who want things to desperately open and go about their work and those who pick up any case and make a big thing about it. Airlines are equipped to deal with cases. If they have a positive case and they decide to ground the crew, the airlines will have to pay that price. Q: What about international flight operations, are we prepared to resume? A: I dont see that happening for some time. International civil aviation traffic is dependent on something completely different, it depends on other countries, international trade and business activity. Will the demand of international traffic continue to be low, what will be the new norm? Aravind Panagariya had said, even when you had big disruptions earlier trade still picked up globally. I see it picking up again, but it is too early to say. In India we have a pretty stable domestic traffic, it will pick up as people will want to move. Q: But you had earlier said it could resume by August? A: I was asked if you will be able to start international civil aviation by August or September, I had said we could do that even earlier. What does that mean? We have two months to go. We are already scaling up the number of people we are bringing back through Vande Bharat Mission. Our idea was to bring those people back who were genuinely stranded and distressed. But many of the people coming back are not stranded in the manner in which we originally envisaged when the scheme was announced. Q: How much is your estimate of the total debt in the aviation sector? A: You can only do a damage assessment when the resumption has taken place because the damage is on a continuing basis. Q: Do you see any Indian airline closing down? A: I hope not but they are under stress. I am not going to get involved in that but there are two issues involved. As a government, we have to be acutely cautious and mindful of all that needs to be done on the health factor and make sure people are safe and that is paramount, but equally we also have to be conscious about what is happening to the economy. Its been two months since airports and airlines have not had any revenue, even parked aircraft on ground also cost money. And even if you dont have 100% flights running, you can at least have some cost being recovered. Q: When can we expect a financial bailout of the sector? A: First of all if financial bailouts were taking place why would so many global airlines have gone bust?... It is a difficult situation. We have given a large number of measures to mitigate their stress. But I am not sure that the system as it is structured right now is geared to giving any bailout. Even the media sector is facing a lot of financial stress, many newspapers are going to go and channels are also facing problems. Is the government going to give a bailout? I can be polite and say, yes press is very important but I dont see that happening. The business model of airlines is particularly precarious. But the government cant give billion dollar bailouts. It doesnt happen for any sector in India. We will support their demands on Aviation Turbine Fuel taxation, that will get rationalized among other measures but we cant bailout an individual. That will mean we are giving taxpayers money to bail out an individual business. Q: What happens to the Air India divestment plan? A: It is on. Air India has to be divested, there is absolutely no question on that. At this stage, to keep anything going by way of subsidy is almost impossible to justify. Q: Will we see further easing of restrictions after May 31? A: One hundred per cent. I am speaking in my personal capacity, of course. Q: What is the exit strategy from the lockdown going forward? A: Mr Rahul Gandhi says lockdown has been a failure. Let us look at the situation, you had two months of lockdown, at the very least the lockdown has succeeded in keeping the numbers at a very low level. The mortality rate today is 2.7%. It has come down from 3%, total number of cases, my figure may not be exact, at 150,000 and around 70,000 recovered. But the lockdown achieved another significant objectiveit kept the numbers low and it gave us time to build the health infrastructure. We were able to go from complete import of PPEs to a massive domestic production, where today we are one of the largest producers of PPEs in the world. Reviving the economy, agriculture sector, opening factories, starting construction etc, that is the exit strategy. Q: So, youre saying the main idea of the lockdown was to get time to prepare the medical infrastructure, and be prepared for more cases? A: When the virus hit us, we were one of the first countries to act fast on it. I cancelled flights from China in a big decision, we stopped flights to the extent possible from other hotspots, we began screening, as our international airports we screened more than 15 lakh people coming in, we evacuated people from outside and finally and most importantly we were able to get a system in place to prepare our health infrastructure across states. Our figure now looks high but the total number of deaths is very low, about 4,000 or so, those are the number of deaths you have in five days in traffic accidents. The mortality rate is 2.7% whereas for SARS it was 17%. You have to learn to live with the virus. Mr Gandhi said lockdown was a failure, what is plan B? Lockdown has not been a failure, it has enabled us to control the numbers and build your infrastructure and to prepare for the exit strategy. You have to, in any system, take precaution, which we did in a timely manner and succeeded in controlling the numbers. Being permanently in lockdown is not a solution, you have to prepare an exit strategy. Mobility is an essential part of the exit strategy. When you are in lockdown, the economic activity takes a severe beating and you have to revive that. The strategy is to open up the supply chain and start operation of essential goods and services and mobility is very much a part of that. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/piyush-goyal-asks-industry-to-start-working-for-post-covid-period-says-worst-for-economy-is-over/story-z4IuMQ9nw8q7bjUKBUJvpK.html</url>
<title>Piyush Goyal asks industry to start working for post-Covid period; says worst for economy is over</title>
<body >Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal on Wednesday asked the industry to start working for the post-Covid period with good ideas and firm implementation plans as worst for the economy is over and revival is in the air. He said this while meeting industry and trade association through video conference. It was the fifth such meeting since the lockdown to assess the impact of Covid-19 pandemic and take note of their suggestions to put the economy back on track. ...it would be better to be ready and start working for the post-Covid period, with good ideas, firm implementation plans, and to make India a world power, he said. The minister said that worst for the economy is over. Things are looking up, and revival is in the air. Expressing concern, he also said that India is still import dependent on several routine items like furniture, toys, and sports shoes despite the fact that the country has technical prowess as well as skilled manpower. Goyal called upon the industry to make efforts in this regard, by thinking about sustainable, and out-of-the-box ideas. He assured the associations that their suggestions are duly examined, and timely action is taken on the rational, and genuine demands.   Further, he said in the last three decades post-liberalisation, the country progressed but the focus was city-centric. The rural and backward areas remained deprived, forcing millions of people from there to migrate to cities for employment and opportunities, he added. The meeting was attended by representatives of various entities, including CII, FICCI, ASSOCHAM, NASSCOM, PHDCCI, CAIT, FISME, Laghu Udyog Bharati, SIAM, and ACMA. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/migrants-kid-dies-as-father-hunts-for-milk-at-railway-station/story-k16TMTqCjg1Bnsm2rXzZJL.html</url>
<title>Migrants kid dies as father hunts for milk at railway station</title>
<body >The four-and-a-half- year-old son of migrants from Bihar based in Delhi died at the railway station here on arrival by a Shramik Special train, while his father desperately hunted for some milk he believed will save his child. Maqsood Alam alias Mohd Pintu, the bereaved father, worked as a house painter until the coronavirus-induced lockdown rendered him jobless and drove him to penury, forcing the family to leave their rented home in a Delhi slum and head home after selling off their meagre belongings. Accompanied by wife Zeba and son Ishaq, Alam had started the journey with some excitement, trying to forget the travails of the past and hoping to reach his native place in West Champaran district on Monday, the day Eid would be celebrated. The child had fallen ill, apparently because of oppressive heat. By the time our train reached Muzaffarpur junction his condition had deteriorated considerably. I ran pillar to post searching for some milk for my son. The administration took too long to respond and the child lost the battle for life, alleged Alam. We saw the prospect of reaching home on Eid as a good omen. Who knew that God had something else in store for us, said the grief-stricken father, his wife still in a state of shock and unable to speak. Deputy Superintendent of Police, Railway, Ramakant Upadhyay, however, claimed the boy was ailing for some time and had died before the train reached Muzaffarpur station. The family boarded a Danapur-bound train and the boy, who was apparently in poor health for some time, fell seriously ill on board. From Danapur they took one of the intra-state trains, headed for Sitamarhi, which was to make a stopover at Muzaffarpur junction. The child had died before the train pulled up at the platform here and we rushed as soon as we got information, Upadhyay said. He said arrangements were made for the familys journey to West Champaran by the administration, which also made an ex-gratia payment. Incidentally, on the very same day and around the same time, a train pulled up on a different platform carrying hordes of migrants. Among whom was a woman who breathed her last shortly before Ishaqs death. Arvina Khatun (35), a widowed mother of two and said to be mentally disturbed, lived in Gujarat with her sister and brother-in-law. She fell ill on the Shramik Special they had boarded for reaching their native district of Katihar. She died a few minutes before the train reached Muzaffarur junction around noon on Monday and her body was brought down by her relatives with the help of co-passengers. Video footage of her younger child, barely a year old, playing with a blanket placed on the womans body, as if in an attempt to wake her up, has gone viral and triggered outrage on social media. Upadhyay said the body was taken into custody for postmortem and sent to Katihar after completing the legal formalities. According to some estimates, more than 15 lakh migrant workers have returned to Bihar from across the country while five lakh more are likely to arrive over the next few days. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/daati-maharaj-arrested-for-flouting-covid-19-lockdown-norms/story-MqCEhkNZHS8kAQQEqcwp1K.html</url>
<title>Daati Maharaj arrested for flouting Covid-19 lockdown norms</title>
<body >Self-styled preacher Daati Maharaj was arrested on Wednesday night for violating the lockdown rules by organising a religious ceremony at Shanidham temple in Asola in South Delhi on May 22, police said. Daati Maharaj was arrested in the case registered under Indian Penal Codes Sections 188 (Disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant), 34 (common intention), Section 54B of Disaster Management Act, and Section 3 of Epidemic Diseases Act at the Maidan Garhi police station on May 23. He has been released on bail, said deputy commissioner of police (south) Atul Kumar Thakur. Earlier in the day, the police claimed to have questioned Daati Maharaj in the case. Police officers privy to the probe said that they found a poster placed on the temples boundary wall, urging people to come for the gathering on May 22. The temple had been opened to the public despite government orders prohibiting religious gatherings, a senior police official said. Investigators said that at least 40 outsiders had attended the ceremony in contravention of the nationwide lockdown in place to contain the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19). Police had registered the case after videos and photographs of the religious gathering were circulated on social media platforms. Though HT could not confirm the authenticity of the video clips, DCP Thakur had confirmed that the visuals were of the self-styled preacher. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/india-china-trumpvideo/video-KO5VqNM9W5GcdRTVVNHGJJ.html</url>
<title>India-China tension | Donald Trumps offer, more troops at LAC: All updates</title>
<body >With tension persisting at the Line of Actual Control between India and China, the President of the United States of America made an offer to both the sides. Donald Trump tweeted that the US could act as a mediator or arbiter between the two Asian neighbours. For weeks now, India and Chinas military personnel have been eyeball-to-eyeball at multiple points along the LAC. Earlier in May, fistfights had also broken out in Ladakh and Sikkim. Delhi had said that Chinese troops were hindering Indias patrolling. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/tough-times-ahead-for-maharashtra-cm/story-K7PMI8pQPLv8Glu3asezFO.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 brings fresh challenges for Maharashtras MVA govt</title>
<body >The Uddhav Thackeray-led government in Maharashtra is feeling the heat over the handling of the Covid-19 pandemic, with the rise in the number of cases and fatalities. The state now has 54,758 Covid-19 cases, with Mumbai making up nearly three-fourths at 32,974 cases. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday hit out at the Thackeray-led government with former chief minister and leader of Opposition Devendra Fadnavis alleging the Thackeray-led government has lost its grip on the situation and Maharashtra needs assertive leadership and bold decision-making. In an online press conference on Tuesday evening, Fadnavis pointedly ruled out the claim that his party was making any attempts to bring down the government. In Mumbai, people are dying on the streets, hospitals are overcharging ... The numbers of cases and fatalities are alarming. On an average, we have done 3,500 tests every day for the last month and we have case positivity of 32% against the national average of 4.5%, said Fadnavis. We are not a part of these statements or discussions. We are in no rush to form the government. We are focussing only on battling the coronavirus. The governor makes observations and independently reports to the Centre. We will continue to pressurise the government to wake up and address the grim situation before them...This government will fall on its own due to its internal contradictions. BJP MP Narayan Rane (who met the governor on Monday), sought Presidents rule or Armys help to tackle the situation. There have also been hectic movements in the Raj Bhavan over last week, starting with Fadnavis leading the Maharashtra Bachao agitation to governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari complaining against the state to NCP chief Sharad Pawar paying a customary visit and Rane calling for dismissal of the government. What has worsened the situation and public perception for Thackeray was Congress leader Rahul Gandhis statement that his party was part of the Maharashtra Vikas Aghadi, but did not have a significant say in running the government. The Congress is part of the MVA government with 11 ministers in the Thackerays cabinet. We are only supporting the government and are not a key player, said Gandhi. Fadnavis slammed the statement and said the Congress was shirking its responsibility. Clarifying on claims of bias, Fadnavis said the Centre had given the state nearly 28,000 crore in the past three months through food subsidies, devolution of taxes, direct benefit transfer, assistance for migrant labourers and health equipment. Both NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Sena MP Sanjay Raut rebuffed the claims of instability and inefficiency. Pawar said, There are no differences in the MVA, there is no doubt that the government will last the entire term. Its surprising that the BJP thinks the government in unstable. The meeting with the governor was customary. We are all focussing on coronavirus pandemic. In an interview to NDTV, he also slammed Fadnavis for being impatient. This period is painful for the Opposition. Politics is in quarantine. They must be doing this [speculating about the fall of the government] to kill their time. The Thackeray government of Congress, NCP and Shiv Sena will complete its full term, said Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut, speaking to reporters on Tuesday. He added that Pawar met Thackeray to discuss the course of action for the state. What is the harm in taking Pawar sahebs suggestions and guidance on these matters? As you know, the countrys prime minister too takes his guidance. Pawar met Thackeray for 1.5 hours. This was his third meeting with the chief minister in recent weeks. Responding to demands of Presidents rule in Maharashtra, Raut said, The situation in Gujarat is perfect for Presidents rule. The Gujarat high courts observations are serious. The governor there should summon the [Gujarat] CM and the Opposition party in Maharashtra should go there and launch an agitation. The state Congress also slammed the BJP saying they must first focus on their own states of Gujarat and UP. Maharashtra Congresss general secretary and spokesperson Sachin Sawant said the Gujarat High Court had remarked that the hospitals in Ahmedabad were as good as dungeons. Even advocate general of the Gujarat government has admitted in his affidavit submitted to the court that the government was testing less as they fear that 70% of the population in Ahmedabad will be revealed infected if the tests are done. This means a minimum of 40 lakh people in Ahmedabad alone are infected people. The situation in other BJP-ruled states like Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh is no different, said Sawant. NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik rushed to the defence of Gandhi and said there was nothing wrong in his statement. It is a coalition government of three parties and we are all working together. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/wait-at-each-metro-station-to-get-longer-to-ensure-social-distancing/story-OoRFnBAiWERJyi6KG5dbEO.html</url>
<title>Wait at each Metro station to get longer to ensure social distancing</title>
<body >The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is planning to increase the duration each train halts at a station to ensure social distancing on-board trains, as per the corporations tentative Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for the resumption of Metro services in the national capital. Before the lockdown, a train would stop at each station for around 30 seconds, and slightly longer at interchange stations, a DMRC official said. This time will be increased by 30 seconds. The SOP will only be finalised based on the Centres direction, which is likely to be issued in the coming days before the fourth round of lockdown ends on May 31. Senior DMRC officials said they had a meeting with Delhi transport minister Kailash Gahlot on May 15, two days before the Centre issued its guidelines for the fourth phase of the nationwide lockdown, to discuss how social distancing can be maintained in stations and onboard trains once operations commence. The Centre is, however, yet to take a call on resuming Metro operations, with the lockdown slated to end on May 31. Commuters will be seated alternately inside the trains, and every next seat has been marked to this effect. According to a DMRC official, Metro staff members will also check each coach during the increased stoppage time, to ensure passengers adhere to the new seating norms. Trains will also be disinfected after each trip. This essentially means that half the total number of trains will operate at a time. Each train will take at least an hour to disinfect, the DMRC official said. When contacted, Gahlot said, The SOPs will be issued either by the DMRC or the Centre. The SOP, which is still subject to change, also mandates that all commuters be thermally screened. The Metro corporation has started earmarking space on station floors, including platforms, for passengers to stand while in queue. The SOP suggests that tokens be done away with, to minimise contact, and ticketing be made completely cashless. For its effective implementation, the Metro plans to increase the number of staff members present at the entry point. Before the Centre issued its guidelines for the fourth round of lockdown, we had made arrangements for alternative seating arrangements and complete sanitation of stations and trains, the official said. The official also said that even though passengers will be checked at entry points to make sure they are wearing masks, security agencies might be empowered to issue fines under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) (disobedience of an order promulgated by a public servant), which carries a fine of 200 and a jail term of up to a month, if a passenger is found not wearing a mask in the station or in trains. Fines could also be issued under sections 269 and 270 of the IPC, which books them for the spread of the infection of any disease dangerous to life. This would depend on the final order issued by the central government, the Metro official said. The DMRC will follow any guidelines/SOP issued by the government, and ensure they are complied with. If any further SOP is required, the same shall be also taken care of, said Anuj Dayal, executive director (corporate communication), DMRC. He added, Additional staff will be deployed only in essential areas like entry/exit points and platforms, as there is no point further congesting the premises. Once inside the station, information boards will remind people to maintain social distancing and wear masks at all times. This message will also be repeated along with the announcements made in stations and inside trains. While thermal screening will be mandatory at entry points, DMRC officials said it is still unsure who will be assigned the task. The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), which is in charge of securing the stations, said they have not been issued any such orders so far. A senior CISF official, requesting anonymity said, We will follow the governments orders. As of now, we dont have any orders to screen commuters once operations start. DMRC will have to provide thermal scanners, if they want us to screen passengers. Meanwhile, the DMRC has placed orders for procuring thermal scanners. A DMRC official said, A decision regarding who will do the screening at the entry points is yet to be taken. These measures are based on guidelines provided by the Union ministry of housing and urban affairs (MoHUA) to all Metro corporations in the country to drafting SOPs. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 02:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-s-covid-19-tally-crosses-150-000-mark-death-toll-at-4-337/story-0gXG7t3LwJgurZl7MGUaYM.html</url>
<title>Indias Covid-19 tally crosses 150,000-mark, death toll at 4,337</title>
<body >The number of cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) on Wednesday crossed the 150,000-mark after 6,387 new infections were reported across the country in the last 24 hours, Union health ministry data showed. This is the sixth day in a row that India has reported more than 6,000 cases of Covid-19. On May 22, 6,088 people tested positive and 6,535 contracted for the respiratory disease on Tuesday. The countrys death toll stands at 4,337 after 170 people died between Tuesday morning and Wednesday morning. There were 64,425 patients who have recovered and sent home so far. Also read|Out of Indias 24-hour Covid-19 total, one-third in Maharashtra: State tally Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Delhi continued to report a rise in Covid-19 cases. Maharashtras tally of has reached 54,758 and the death toll due to Covid-19 in the state rose to 1,792. The number of Covid-19 patients in Maharashtra are now doubling over a period of 14 days unlike every three days earlier and the death rate has been brought down to 3.25% from 7.6% in April, the states chief secretary Ajoy Mehta has said Tamil Nadu is inching towards the 18,000-mark with 17,728 cases and the southern states death toll is at 127, data shows. In Gujarat, 915 people have died and 14,821 people have been infected by Sars-Cov-2, the virus which causes the disease. The national capital of Delhi has witnessed 14,465 infections to date and the number of fatalities due to Covid-19 is 288. The government has said the doubling rate of infection is 13 days as the country entered the tenth day of the fourth phase of the lockdown to curb the spread of the disease. Also read| Covid-19: Bihar closes in on 3,000-mark, capital Patna worst hit The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) on Tuesday removed the price cap of Rs 4,500 on the reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test, billed as the gold standard for detecting the Covid-19. States have been given a free hand to negotiate with the approved laboratories and fix the cost of Covid-19 testing. In a letter written to the states, ICMR director general Dr Balram Bhargava said that as testing capacity and infrastructure had improved significantly since the beginning of the outbreak, the ceiling price fixed earlier was not applicable. With domestic production being ramped up, the dependence on imported testing kits is also negligible. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/out-of-india-s-24-hour-covid-19-total-one-third-in-maharashtra-state-tally/story-yuhqyccY7PG1ZFCFV5dCRP.html</url>
<title>Out of Indias 24-hour Covid-19 total, one-third in Maharashtra: State tally</title>
<body >It was another day of spike for India in Covid-19 cases, which took the nationwide tally to over 1.5 lakh on Wednesday. According to the Union health ministry update, India recorded 6,387 Covid-19 cases in the last 24 hours (between Tuesday and Wednesday). The number of coronavirus fatalities in the country stands 4,337 while over 64,425 people have successfully recovered from the disease. Delhi reported 412 cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) on Tuesday, taking the citys tally to 14,465 cases. The number of new cases in the state fell below 500 for the first time in a week. Heres a look at Covid-19 state-wise tally. The worst-hit states Maharashtra Covid-19 cases in Maharashtra reached 54,758 on Wednesday. Yesterday, the number was 52,667. The state has recorded 1792 deaths so far, highest in the country, while 16,954 have recovered from Covid-19. Tamil Nadu The southern state has the second-highest number of coronavirus cases in the country with 17,728 coronavirus disease cases so far. While 9,342 people have recovered from the disease here, 127 patients have died. Gujarat In Gujarat, the third worst-hit state by the coronavirus pandemic, the total number of Covid-19 cases reached 14,821 on Wednesday. Gujarat has seen 7,139 people recover from coronavirus while 915 people have died. Delhi The Covid-19 tally in the national capital has jumped to 14,465. Two hundred and eighty eight people have died from the infection here while 7,223 have made a recovery. Rajasthan Coronavirus cases in Rajasthan reached 7,536 on Wednesday. The state has reported 170 fatalities while 4,171 patients have recovered from the infection in the state. Madhya Pradesh As many as 7,024 people have been infected from Covid-19 in Madhya Pradesh till date. Three hundred and five people have died from Covid-19 in the state while 3,689 have recovered. Uttar Pradesh The number of Covid-19 positive cases have jumped to 6,548 in Uttar Pradesh. While 3,698 people have recovered from coronavirus in Uttar Pradesh, 170 have died from the infection here. Situation in other states In West Bengal, coronavirus cases have crossed the 4,000-mark and are rapidly rising. The number of infected cases in West Bengal reached 4,009 on Monday. There have been 283 deaths and 1,486 recoveries in the state. States with under 3,000 coronavirus cases include Telangana, Odisha, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Haryana and Bihar. Kerala is approaching the 1,000-mark in the number of Covid-19 cases. On Wednesday, the states tally stood at 963. Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh and Tripura have reported under 500 Covid-19 cases while Goa, Puducherry, Meghalaya and Manipur have less than 100 Covid-19 cases. Union territory of Dadra Nagar Haveli has reported two cases of Covid-19. All coronavirus patients in Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Mizoram have recovered. Arunachal Pradesh has two Covid-19 patients and one of them has recovered. Note: Figures are from official data released by the Ministry of Health, and may differ from realtime numbers released by various state governments subject to confirmation from the Centre. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-abram-these-photos-of-shah-rukh-khan-s-son-with-aryan-suhana-gauri-prove-he-is-family-s-darling/story-hJ7F2qJDRJpUa1YqPeTcAM.html</url>
<title>Happy birthday AbRam: These photos of Shah Rukh Khans son with Aryan, Suhana, Gauri prove he is familys darling</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khan were over the moon when they welcomed their third child - AbRam - in 2013. The youngest Khan has been the darling of the family ever since he was born. Not only his parents, but his siblings Aryan and Suhana dote on him, as well. From running at Eden Gardens with Shah Rukh after the Kolkata Knight Riders win to joining him for a performance at the i for India concert, AbRam has won the hearts of fans, too. Of late, Shah Rukh has been sharing photos of AbRams achievements, be it his gold medal in Taekwondo or his multiple medals at his schools sports day. He gushes about his son in interviews as well. When asked about the little ones inclination towards films, the actor told Mumbai Mirror, AbRam, I dont know, hes good-looking enough to be a rockstar. Also see: Riteish Deshmukh imagines hugging late father Vilasrao Deshmukh in heartbreaking video. Watch Suhana is extremely attached to AbRam and called him the love of (her) life in an Instagram post. Aryan seems to be protective of his little brother too. Sharing a picture of the two of them in Italy, he wrote, Nobody lays a hand on my brother. Gauri also showers love on her youngest in social media posts. She shared pictures from a photoshoot recently and complimented him for posing like a pro. Guessing he loves the camera, her caption read. As AbRam turns seven on Wednesday, here are some priceless photos of him with his father Shah Rukh, mother Gauri, brother Aryan and sister Suhana: View this post on Instagram           My three pet designs for 2019 @GkD  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 26, 2018 at 10:05pm PST My three pet designs for 2019 @GkD  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 26, 2018 at 10:05pm PST View this post on Instagram           Can we just declare them the sweetest couple in the world. #lovegoals #kissonforehead A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Nov 27, 2018 at 9:44pm PST Can we just declare them the sweetest couple in the world. #lovegoals #kissonforehead A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Nov 27, 2018 at 9:44pm PST View this post on Instagram           With half of my better halves on my birthday...the other halves in school! A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Oct 7, 2018 at 2:02pm PDT With half of my better halves on my birthday...the other halves in school! A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Oct 7, 2018 at 2:02pm PDT Also Watch |Shah Rukh Khan-Abram spotted at school function  View this post on Instagram           Best a woman can get... soaking the sun with my boys in Barcelona A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jul 1, 2018 at 6:42am PDT Best a woman can get... soaking the sun with my boys in Barcelona A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jul 1, 2018 at 6:42am PDT View this post on Instagram           You never really understand your personality, unless you have a Mini Me who acts the same way A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Apr 27, 2019 at 1:07am PDT You never really understand your personality, unless you have a Mini Me who acts the same way A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Apr 27, 2019 at 1:07am PDT View this post on Instagram           Another sweet picture from AbRams birthday party... #fathersloveoverload A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 3, 2019 at 12:52pm PDT Another sweet picture from AbRams birthday party... #fathersloveoverload A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 3, 2019 at 12:52pm PDT View this post on Instagram           "Winning is only half of it..having fun the other half...Playing is All of it!!" The Playboys mantra A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jan 17, 2019 at 11:09pm PST "Winning is only half of it..having fun the other half...Playing is All of it!!" The Playboys mantra A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jan 17, 2019 at 11:09pm PST View this post on Instagram           Weekend Research: " A survey has found One in Three men are just as lazy as the other Two". We r the other two and we dont agree mom! A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jan 13, 2019 at 4:04am PST Weekend Research: " A survey has found One in Three men are just as lazy as the other Two". We r the other two and we dont agree mom! A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jan 13, 2019 at 4:04am PST View this post on Instagram           Raakhi done...with a promise in the family to respect all women. Respect for women will make u inspired, make u tender hearted  morally strong. Happy Raakhi to all ye bros out there... respect to all sisters. A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Aug 26, 2018 at 8:00am PDT Raakhi done...with a promise in the family to respect all women. Respect for women will make u inspired, make u tender hearted  morally strong. Happy Raakhi to all ye bros out there... respect to all sisters. A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Aug 26, 2018 at 8:00am PDT View this post on Instagram           A ray of sunshine... A sea of love... Thank you all for the happiness you bring every year! A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Nov 2, 2017 at 6:07am PDT A ray of sunshine... A sea of love... Thank you all for the happiness you bring every year! A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Nov 2, 2017 at 6:07am PDT View this post on Instagram           happy birthday  my little boy  #Abram A post shared by  Aryan Khan (@___aryank__) on May 26, 2020 at 12:52pm PDT happy birthday  my little boy  #Abram A post shared by  Aryan Khan (@___aryank__) on May 26, 2020 at 12:52pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Nobody lays a hand on my brother. A post shared by  Aryan Khan (@___aryan___) on Jul 6, 2018 at 9:49am PDT Nobody lays a hand on my brother. A post shared by  Aryan Khan (@___aryan___) on Jul 6, 2018 at 9:49am PDT View this post on Instagram           Threes a crowd  A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on Jul 21, 2019 at 4:20am PDT Threes a crowd  A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on Jul 21, 2019 at 4:20am PDT View this post on Instagram           Birthday boy  A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on May 27, 2018 at 3:20am PDT Birthday boy  A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on May 27, 2018 at 3:20am PDT View this post on Instagram           Snowmen...   @iamsrk A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Mar 21, 2018 at 7:37am PDT Snowmen...   @iamsrk A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Mar 21, 2018 at 7:37am PDT Meanwhile, Shah Rukh is spending a lot of time with AbRam, as the country remains in lockdown mode. During a Twitter chat, he opened up on his daily routine: In spite of contributing to the population boom, having three kids to be with is a treat. They are in all shapes and sizes, so the day goes by being with them each for a couple of hours. Then spend the rest of the day cleaning up their toys! Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/need-lockdown-exit-strategy-to-end-uncertainty-harvard-professor-on-covid-19-crisis/story-I9NZFxvgVU3ByjhaNEIKtO.html</url>
<title>Need lockdown exit strategy to end uncertainty: Harvard professor in conversation with Rahul Gandhi</title>
<body >Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday held a dialogue with global public healthcare expert Dr Ashish Jha and epidemiologist, Professor Johan Geisecke of the Karolinska Institute, Sweden, on the Covid-19 crisis. The reason for a lockdown is that you are trying to stop the spread of the virus. Humanity has never seen this virus. This means we are all susceptible, said professor Jha, the director of the Harvard Global Health Institute. You can slow down the virus through a lockdown, but it has great economic repercussions. But authorities should utilise that time to prepare their testing infrastructure. Its about planning everything for the time thats coming, he added. Now, when you open the economy, you have to give people confidence. Economy works on confidence, said professor Jha. Gandhi, who had recently met migrant labourers moving across the country to get to their hometowns during lockdown, shared his thoughts saying the biggest fear they had was uncertainty. Professor Jha agreed and said the government needs to have a strategy for exiting the lockdown. The conversation is part of a series of dialogues that Gandhi is holding with global and Indian thought leaders to discuss the Covid-19 crisis and its consequences on the Indian economy. Earlier this month, he spoke to Nobel Laureate Abhijit Banerjee who said that India should consider a big stimulus and give cash in hand to create demand and prevent chains of bankruptcies to save the economy hit hard by the nationwide coronavirus lockdown. Spending is easiest way to revive economy. It will have stimulus effect, Banerjee had said. On April 30, Gandhi was in dialogue with former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan who suggested that the government transfer cash directly to the poor and supply food through the public distribution system (PDS) to as many people as possible to help them tide over the impact of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak and the consequent 40-day lockdown, estimating the effort will cost Rs 65,000 crore. The money is small given that Indias gross domestic product is to the tune of about Rs 200 lakh crore, he had said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-announces-bihar-board-class-10th-results-80-59-students-pass-full-details-here/story-vEryfSoYCdIQd75ZH5P4iJ.html</url>
<title>BSEB announces Bihar Board class 10th results, 80.59 % students pass, full details here</title>
<body >Himanshu Raj of Janta High School, Rohtas, topped the matriculation exam conducted by the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) this year. State education minister Krishna Nandan Verma declared the matriculation result on Tuesday, in the presence of additional chief secretary R K Mahajan and BSEB chairman Anand Kishor. Topper Raj has scored 96.20 % by obtaining 481 marks out of 500. While Durgesh Kumar of S K High School, Samastipur bagged the second rank by scoring 96% . On the other hand, Shubham Kumar, Rajveer and Juli Kumari have shared the third rank by scoring 95.6% each. Follow Bihar Board 10th Result Live Updates here The overall pass percentage this year is 80.59%, which is 0.14 % less than the previous years score of 80.73%. A total of 41 students have made it to top 10 list including 31 boys and 10 girls. Out of 14,94,071 students who appeared for the matriculation exam this year, 7,29,213 boys and 7,64,858 girls passed. While 4,03,392 students secured first division, 5,24,217 secured second division and 2,75,402 got third division. The passing percentage of boys remained higher than girls by 0.14 percent. Minister Verma praised BSEB for conducting and declaring matriculation and intermediate examination before any other education board in the country. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor attributed the better planning and team work of board members behind declaring results on time. Bihar Board 10th Result out:Check Live Updates here Kishor said, The board carried out physical verification of toppers copies followed by their interview by expert through video call to double check merit of toppers. More than 15 lakh students had filled the form to write matric examination which was conducted by BSEB from February 17 to February 24 spread across 1,368 exam centres in the state. Check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 at HT Result portal Result at a glance: Students enrolled-15,29,393 Students appeared- 14,94,071 Pass percentage- 80.59% Boys pass percentage- 80.98% Girls pass percentage-80.20% No. of students in 1st division- 4,03,392 No. of students in 2nd division- 5,24,217 No. of students in 3rd division- 2,75,402 Pending results: 04 Passing percentage of last four years: 2017: 50.12 % 2018: 69.89% 2019: 80.73 2020: 80.59% </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/up-with-229-new-covid-19-positive-cases-count-reaches-6-724/story-o2zVpaHG4ueDzUztDKWUpK.html</url>
<title>UP:With 229 new Covid-19 positive cases, count reaches 6,724</title>
<body >A total of 229 new Covid-19 positive cases were reported in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday, taking the total number of cases in the state to 6,724, according to the Directorate of Health Services, Uttar Pradesh. According to a media bulletin issued by the Directorate of Health Services, the death toll due to Covid-19 stands at 177, and 2,284 patients have recovered so far after receiving treatment in the state. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage The bulletin further informed that the cumulative number of persons under observation stands at 3,62,729. There are 862 active hotspots/containment zones in the state. The results of 1,574 samples are awaited, the bulletin informed. Earlier today, with 6,535 more coronavirus cases having been reported in India in the last 24 hours, the Covid-19 count in the country rose to 1,45,380, according to the MoHFW. (The story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-salman-khan-confessed-wedding-with-sangeeta-bijlani-was-called-off-because-she-caught-him/story-iEU69cdyTATQJnyd31OKAN.html</url>
<title>When Salman Khan confessed wedding with Sangeeta Bijlani was called off because she caught him</title>
<body >Salman Khan has been one of Bollywoods most eligible bachelors for decades now. While he is in no rush to get married now, there was a time when he almost took the plunge with his then girlfriend Sangeeta Bijlani. In fact, even the wedding cards were printed. But it got called off at the last minute as she kind of caught him cheating on her. When Salman came on Koffee With Karan for the first time in 2013, Karan Johar asked him if he was yet to meet the right person. No, I am sure I have met quite a few right people and I just think that they will get righter and righter. Writer ka beta hoon toh thoda sa righter hona chahiye (Im a writers son so I need somebody righter). I hope I am not wrong about that, he said. During the chat, Salman also opened up about the time he almost got hitched. There was a time that I really wanted to get married and then it just didnt work out. I have always come so close. People have got cold feet. Theek hai, boyfriend, isko zindagi bhar jhelna padega kya (They think I am a good boyfriend but its difficult to tolerate me for the rest of their lives). With Sangeeta, even the cards and all were printed, he said. Karan then asked, Did she catch you? Feigning ignorance, Salman replied, Did she what? On being asked the same question again, he asked, Catch me where? When Karan said obviously somewhere, Salman said, No, no, no, before looking away from the camera and admitting, Yeah, kind of. Also read | Sara Khan calls her lip filler a disaster: I didnt like my look at that time Salman revealed that he often gets caught and said, I get caught. Im stupid. However, he immediately changed tack and said, What? What are you talking about? In a moment of truth, Salman went on to confess, I dont get caught often. I lie nowadays. I just deny the whole thing. I just lie. He added, I also tell people that, If you dont want to get into a relationship with me, dont. I am not ready for any kind of relationship, serious commitments and all that stuff right now. I am not the most correct person to be with, the way I am right now in this phase of my life. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-dyes-his-greys-after-being-called-buddhha-by-his-kids-anushka-sharma-says-you-have-gone-from-director-to-hero/story-OEnpbB7RVn6xuin2emYsPO.html</url>
<title>Karan Johar dyes his greys after being called buddhha by his kids, Anushka Sharma says you have gone from director to hero</title>
<body >Karan Johar, who had been flaunting his grey hair during the lockdown, decided to colour his hair black after being trolled online and even by his own children Yash and Roohi. Earlier this week, on his 48th birthday, he gave himself a makeover by colouring his hair at home and shared a video of the entire process on Instagram. Anushka Sharma is absolutely bowled over by Karans new look and complimented him for it. Reposting the video on her own Instagram account, she wrote, Your hair looks gorgeous Karan! During the lockdown you have gone from director to hero and from grey to bae. Impressive. Earlier, Karan had shared a picture of himself with grey hair, and joked that he was ready to make a comeback to acting and was available for father roles. He made his full-fledged acting debut as the antagonist in Anurag Kashyaps Bombay Velvet but the film bombed at the box office. On his birthday, Karan shared a video of him colouring his hair and wrote, Hi guys!!! So its been 20 days and I still havent got any offer for the FATHER ROLES! Clearly, my grey hair look wasnt as cool as I thought. Even my kids have started calling me buddhha. So, what better day than my birthday to be my sexy self again and to surprise all of you with my (not so) new look! Also see: Virat Kohli aces 180-degree landings in first attempt, Arjun Kapoor hilariously trolls him. Watch video Meanwhile, two members of Karans household staff have tested positive for the coronavirus. Sharing the news on social media, he reassured everyone that his family and the rest of the staff are all safe and display no symptoms. We have all taken the swab test this morning and have tested negative, but will remain in self isolation for the next 14 days for the safety of everyone around us. We stand by our commitment to safeguard everyone and have ensured that all measures prescribed by the authorities have been strictly adhered to, he wrote in a statement on Monday. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/india-to-play-opening-test-at-brisbane-if-tour-of-australia-goes-ahead-report/story-tVCToMTNmAEIQfsCJm0a6H.html</url>
<title>India to play opening Test at Brisbane if tour of Australia goes ahead - Report</title>
<body >The high profile tour of the Indian cricket team to Australia is something that everyone associated with the sport has a keen eye on. Not just because of the fact that these two teams have perhaps one of the biggest rivalries in modern day cricket, but also because of the amount of money that is riding on this series. With all cricketing activities halted since March due to the coronavirus pandemic, this high profile tour is expected to kick start the global cricketing economy and hence very crucial. According to a report in The Australia, as mentioned by Fox Cricket, the venues for the four Test series have been finalised. ALSO READ: He is an entire package: Ian Bishop heaps praise on Indian bowler India, apart from playing the regular Tests at Melbourne and Sydney, will play the opening Test in Brisbane, where they have never secured a win. Virat Kohlis team had avoided the Gabba on the last tour, when India won its first ever Test series on Australian soil. The second Test is scheduled to take place in Adelaide which is going to be a day-night affair. If all goes according to plan then this will be Indias second ever day night Test and first on foreign soil. The report also mentions that the BCCI has agreed to play three ODI in Australia in January 2021 and Cricket Australia is in discussions with the Indian board to include two more matches. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/esha-gupta-on-sending-house-help-on-leave-before-lockdown-i-am-happy-she-s-with-her-family-it-s-my-house-cleaning-it-myself-is-no-big-deal/story-ccl1iQeG5h2YdtA4kLFDHI.html</url>
<title>Esha Gupta on sending house help on leave before lockdown: I am happy shes with her family, its my house, cleaning it myself is no big deal</title>
<body >Esha Gupta is one of the few Bollywood and TV stars who witnessed a release amid lockdown. The actor made her digital debut with the second season of Goldie Behls web show Rejctx, in which she plays a glamourous yet no-nonsense cop. At home during lockdown, the former beauty queen is happily doing her household chores with no intention to share the proof on social media and feels relieved to have sent her house help on leave. In a candid interview with Hindustan Times while living all alone in quarantine at her Mumbai residence, the actor opened up about the lesser known aspects of her life - from dealing with her moms cancer that made her give up her law course to her fondness for cooking and cleaning. Excerpts:  To what extent do you think a beauty pageant title helps in making a career in Bollywood? I think a lot of girls enter Miss India with the whole agenda of being an actor, and its good for them because at least they know what they want. I had just finished my last semester at Manipal University and got my degree after the Miss India pageant. Then I went back to studies after getting a scholarship. For me, it was something I wanted to try and thought that was a great opportunity. By Gods grace, you know some things are meant for you. Im not sure if it is a great platform to become actors or not, but I think if youre going with that agenda, its lovely because you know it teaches you a lot of things and is a great training process. Why didnt you complete your studies at the Newcastle University? I had completed the whole course except the last semester. I left because my mom had cancer and I had to come back to India at that time. I wanted to be with my mom as we didnt know whats going to happen. That year went really bad for us as a family because she had two tumours in her brain. It was very hard, only a person whos going through cancer and the family can empathise as one has to go through chemo and keep going to the doctor, at times it comes back. I did a Kingfisher calendar in 2010 and started getting calls from everyone, saying you have a commercial face, you should try for movies. I didnt know what that meant until I did my acting course while staying at my cousins house. This was all while my mother was still getting treated. I did meetings and got my first break in a film. Thats the only reason I could not complete my studies. I recently thought of going back and getting my degree before the lockdown but then I realised Oh my God, law is not easy. Its not something where my mind is right now but maybe when Im older and settled, Ill try to do it then. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 10, 2020 at 4:39am PDT A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 10, 2020 at 4:39am PDT How are you dealing with lockdown? Honestly, I have been all alone which means 60 days of being with no single human being. Im trying to keep myself as positive as possible because it gets really difficult emotionally, it takes a toll on you. Its not about the physical stress, apna ghar hai khud saaf karne me kujh nahi jara (Its my house, cleaning it myself is no big deal). A lot of people even told me you should show that youre cleaning your house, but why should I do that, everyone else is doing the same. But the fact that Im all alone for these many days has really taken an emotional toll on me, its really broken me and I dont know what all Ive been through. After a point you feel Ive not met anyone, I miss my family a lot, I wish I was with them. Also read: Esha Gupta on dealing with ACL injury: Whatever I had earned in beginning, I spent it on physios, took a year to recover View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 4, 2020 at 4:00am PDT A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 4, 2020 at 4:00am PDT How do you divert your mind and keep fit. I have been doing yoga for the last 8 years, my dad was in the Air Force has been doing yoga since he was 10 because his father was a yoga instructor-cum-lawyer (thats why I wanted to be a lawyer). I got deeply involved in yoga during the quarantine just to keep myself calm. I later decided, why not motivate people too? I even wrote a post saying - Just breathe and disconnect with all people who are negative. I I dont know how many people are going through that like theyre all emotional and dont know what to talk, they dont even want to say that theyre not okay. I want people to accept the fact that its okay to not be okay because these are hard times for everyone but the fact is that were all in this together. Yoga is one thing that has really kept me going. How do you manage the domestic chores without a help? We all were leaving for London on May 23 to shoot for Tipsy, which is being directed by Deepak Tijori. We had already shot the song before my Rejctx shoot. Since I would have gone for 45 days, I sent my house help on leave. It turned out to be a blessing in disguise because she reached home safe and sound before lockdown. I am relieved she is with her family and safe. The only disadvantage is that my shoulder hurts a lot due to an injury I suffered in February. I have OCD, so my house is sparkling clean right now. My parents even took me to a doctor when I was a child because they didnt know what OCD was. Shoes are not allowed inside my house and thats why my house remains clean. Covid-19 has not really affected me because I never used to like shaking hands with people as I dont know if their hands are clean. People thought I was rude but it was germs. Now the world is telling you to sanitize your hands. Author tweets @ruchik87) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/telangana-sees-sharp-spike-of-107-new-covid-19-cases-6-deaths-in-single-day/story-X8ReiVAPeseEmjlHCtH3nM.html</url>
<title>Telangana sees sharp spike of 107 new Covid-19 cases, 6 deaths in single day</title>
<body >Telangana witnessed a sharp spike in the number of deaths and Covid-19 positive cases in the last 24 hours on Wednesday  with a total of six deaths and 107 positive cases, the highest single-day jump, an official bulletin released by the state medical and health department said. The previous highest death toll due to Covid-19 in a single day in Telangana was also six, recorded on March 30. Similarly, the largest number of positive cases for Covid-19 recorded previously was 79 on May 11. However, the department has not disclosed from where these fresh six deaths were reported, their age group and their other ailments. The number of deaths and positive cases in Telangana has been rising steeply after the commencement of Lockdown 4.0 on May 18, with a lot of relaxations on the movement of people including commencement of passenger trains, Vande Bharat flights bringing stranded Indians from abroad and also restoration of intra-state bus services. In the last 10 days, as many as 29 deaths and 547 Covid-19 positive cases were reported in Telangana. The state government has attributed this steep rise in the number of deaths and positive cases to the large scale return of migrant labourers from other states, particularly Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Gujarat, foreign evacuees and deportees from Saudi Arabia, many of whom had tested positive. As many as 297 out of the total number of 2,139 positive cases recorded till now, are that of migrants (173), foreign evacuees (30) and deported people from Saudi Arabia (94). On Wednesday alone, out of 107 positive cases reported in the state, 68 cases are that of Saudi Arabia deportees (49) and migrants (19). Only 39 cases belong to the local Telangana people, mostly from Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), the official bulletin said. The government said as many as 458 deportees were airlifted from Saudi Arabia and they have been quarantined in government quarantine centres in the state. Of them, 94 deportees have tested positive for Covid-9 and are being treated. Similarly, large numbers of migrant workers are returning from various other states of the country. These migrants are being home quarantined and monitored by the district authorities. Symptomatic migrants are being tested. Majority of the migrants are arriving from Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa, Bihar etc. The department has requested the people to inform the local authorities in case they identify any persons and migrants who have recently arrived in the towns and villages. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/us-to-revoke-iran-nuclear-cooperation-sanctions-waivers/story-ke8HnFghB89e6VebLdsaAN.html</url>
<title>US to revoke Iran nuclear cooperation sanctions waivers</title>
<body >The Trump administration is ending nearly all of the last vestiges of U.S. sanctions relief provided under the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, according to current and former U.S. officials and congressional aides. They said Wednesday that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will revoke all but one of sanctions waivers covering civil nuclear cooperation. The waivers had allowed Russian, European and Chinese companies to continue to work on Irans civilian nuclear facilities without drawing American penalties. The waivers were last renewed at the end of March and are due to expire at the end of the week. The revocations will give foreign companies 60 days to wind down their operations, according to the officials, who were not authorized to publicly discuss the matter and spoke on condition of anonymity. A formal announcement was expected on Thursday. Pompeo in March had opposed extending the waivers, which are among the few remaining components of the nuclear deal that the administration has not canceled. But officials said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin had prevailed in an internal debate by arguing the coronavirus pandemic made eliminating the waivers unpalatable at a time when the administration is being criticized for refusing to ease sanctions to deal with the outbreak. President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal in 2018 and has steadily reimposed U.S. sanctions on Iran that had been eased or lifted under its terms. The civilian-nuclear cooperation waivers allow foreign companies to do work at some of Irans declared nuclear sites without becoming subject to U.S. sanctions. Deal supporters say the waivers give international experts a valuable window into Irans atomic program that might otherwise not exist. They also say some of the work, particularly at the Tehran reactor on nuclear isotopes that can be used in medicine, is humanitarian in nature. But Iran critics in Congress have pressed Pompeo to eliminate all the waivers, saying they should be revoked because they give Iran access to technology that could be used for weapons. These critics strenuously objected to the waiver that allowed work at Irans once-secret Fordow facility, which is built into a mountain. Pompeo canceled that waiver in mid-December but the others, which permit work at the Bushehr nuclear power station, the Arak heavy water plant and the Tehran Research Reactor, had been kept in place until now. The waiver for work at Bushehr will be the only one extended for 90 days. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/parents-protest-against-collection-of-school-fees-in-chandigarh/story-WcVHR7Ka3NCi23njH39HxI.html</url>
<title>Parents protest against collection of school fees in Chandigarh</title>
<body >Parents protested outside Shishu Niketan Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 22D, on Wednesday, against collection of fees despite classes being suspended amid the Covid-19 lockdown . At least five other schools have witnessed similar protests in the past one week. The parents said their economic condition is constantly deteriorating and they cannot afford to pay fees due to loss of jobs. Nitin Goyal, president of the Chandigarh Parents Association, said, The protesting parents had a meeting with the school officials. They demanded waiver of fees till the school is reopened. However, the management didnt agree. School principal Amita Khuranna said, The education department said we are supposed to charge fees. Only a handful of parents turned up for the protest today. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/after-several-deaths-in-shramik-trains-railways-says-most-died-of-existing-illness/story-oQCQKeSzGYHEGQdQYI31fM.html</url>
<title>After several deaths in Shramik trains, railways says most died of existing illness</title>
<body >At least seven deaths were reported Wednesday aboard Shramik Special trains that have been deployed to ferry stranded migrants but the Indian Railways said most died of existing illnesses. A few deaths have been reported in Shramik special trains. In most of these cases, it is discovered that those who died are old sick people and chronic disease patients, who had actually gone to big cities for medical treatment and could come back only after the Railways started these Shramik Special trains, a spokesperson of the ministry of railways said. The statement came after a 35-year-old migrant was found dead on board a Shramik Train in Bihars Muzaffarpur. A video of her body lying on the platform next to her toddler went viral video on social media on Wednesday. The ministry attributed her death to a recent heart surgery, adding that it was also corroborated by her son. In another case reported from Bihars Muzaffarpur a four-year-old son of a migrant was found dead on board another Shramik Train. Another case from the state was from Danapur where the body of a 70-year-old man was found in Mumbai-Darbhanga Shramik Special train. The body of 45-yea-old a resident of Bahraich (UP) was also found aboard the Vapi-Deen Dayal Upadhayay Junction Shramik Special train when it reached Sagar railway station. According to the railways, the body has been kept at the district hospital for postmortem and for testing for Covid-19. In Uttar Pradesh, a trainwith migrant workers from Mumbai reached Manduadih, Varanasi, on Wednesday with two dead passengers -- physically challenged Dashrath Prajapati (30), and 63-year-old Ram Ratan Gaud, according to PTI. It is reported that both the people who died were already ill. One of them, a 30-year-old man, was suffering from paralysis, and was undergoing treatment for kidney disease in Mumbai. The other person, who was 63, also suffered from other diseases, the ministry of railways tweeted responding to allegations over two death in the train from Mumbai. Till Wednesday, the national carrier has run 3,604 Shramik Trains ferrying nearly 48 lakh migrants. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/telangana-govt-allows-further-relaxations-to-lockdown-norms/story-ubE7ulbz2sR4XRcfJ0fqRM.html</url>
<title>Telangana govt allows further relaxations to lockdown norms</title>
<body >Announcing further relaxations in lockdown norms, the Telangana government on Wednesday permitted all types of shops, except malls, to open in Hyderabad and lifted the night ban on plying state Road Transport Corporation buses. It, however, decided not to allow buses to run in Hyderabad for some more days in view of the Covid-19 case load, an official release said. Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao held separate meetings with ministers andofficials on the Covid-19 situation and implementation of lockdown, among others and took decisions on several issues, it said. These include payment of the Aasara (social security) pensions without any change, extending provision of 12 kg rice per person to the poor in June in view of the lockdown and continuing with deductions in salaries of public representatives, All India Service officers, government employees, outsourcing and contract workers for this month. However, the financial assistance of Rs 1,500 given to poor ration cardholders would not be given in June, it said. The measures have been taken keeping in view the fall in states income, the release said. Telangana should get Rs 12,000 crore every month, but in May it received Rs 3,100 crore, including the states share in Central taxes (Rs 982 crore), it said. On the COVID-19 situation, Rao said people should not feel scared about the virus as the spread was not an alarming scale, though relaxations were given in lockdown guidelines. However, they should be cautious and alert to avoid contracting the virus. The Chief Minister said the health department was ready to meet any increase in the number of positive cases and provide treatment. He instructed officials concerned to provide emergency care to Covid-19 patients whose health deterioates, the release said. Rao had earlier announced extension of lockdown in the state till May 31, with several relaxations, as per which shops in Hyderabad were allowed to open on an alternate odd- even basis. As per the relaxations on Wednesday, all shops in Hyderabad, except malls, will be allowed to open from May 28. State-run RTC buses have been exempted from night time curfew restrictions and will be allowed to ply to their destinations. Taxis, autos and other passenger vehicles would be allowed at the bus stations, the release said. Separately, Rao instructed the officials to hold low key state formation day celebrations on June 2 due to the lockdown. Except paying tribute to the martyrs and hoisting the national flag, no meetings or programmes should be held, the release quoted him as having said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/what-does-a-gdp-contraction-in-fy-2020-21-entail-for-india/story-88T2zz1A7Ld2FNh1OkaYEJ.html</url>
<title>What does a GDP contraction in FY 2020-21 entail for India?</title>
<body >On May 22, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Shaktikanta Das said the Covid-19 pandemic will likely lead to a contraction in Indias gross domestic product (GDP) in the financial year 2020-21. Just about a month ago, the International Monetary Fund had projected Indias GDP growth in the year to be 1.9%. Private forecasters have been projecting a contraction for some time. What does a contraction in GDP entail for an economy? Statistically speaking, it means that the 2020-21 GDP will be less than what it was in 2019-20. This does not tell us much about its real-life implications which depend on the sector-wise and distributive impact of the contraction. Here are four interesting aspects of the current contraction: This will be the most widespread contraction India has ever seen: GDP is a sum of income generated in various sectors of the economy. India has seen four instances of contraction in GDP since 1951-52, the earliest period for which GDP data is available in the 2004-05 GDP series. These took place in the years 1957-58, 1965-66, 1972-73 and 1979-80. As has also been pointed out in a research note by Crisil, these slowdowns were primarily a result of disruption in the agriculture sector. In three out of these four years, the reduction in agricultural GDP was greater than the overall reduction in GDP, meaning the non-farm economy did not contract. (See Chart 1) Most private forecasters expect the reverse to happen this time. It is the non-farm sector which will see a contraction, while agriculture is likely to grow. The share of the non-farm sector in both output and employment is significantly greater today than what it was when India faced the earlier GDP contractions. In 1980, agriculture had a share of about one-third in total value-added and more than two-thirds in employment. This has come down to less than under 15% and just above 40% respectively. This means that the current contraction will affect a much larger part of the economy, especially in terms of income lost. The contraction will only exacerbate the situation: The fact that there was no contraction earlier does not mean that incomes were growing in India. There are gainers and losers in any modern economy. Statistics from the RBIs Consumer Confidence Survey (CCS) are a good way to understand this. The CCS asks a question on current perception of income with three options: it has increased, remained the same or decreased. To be sure, the CCS only measures urban sentiment. There is reason to believe that rural areas were no better. Real rural wages have been declining in the last few quarters. Even when GDP growth was positive, there was a significant section reporting a decline in incomes in the RBI survey. This share increased during the recent economic slowdown. It will increase at a much faster rate now. (See Chart 2) Many people will dip into savings: A contraction in GDP is bound to lead to massive job losses and disruption of businesses. This will necessitate the use of past savings to finance present consumption. Things have deteriorated on this front. The household savings rate has gone down in the last decade in India. From 23.6% in 2011-12, it came down to 18.2% in 2018-19, the latest period for which data is available. This means that households have already been dipping into their savings and will have less of a buffer for a rainy day. A 2013 National Sample Survey Office report (latest available data) shows another grim statistic. Almost 90% of household assets in India are held in the form of either land or buildings. The real estate market is in a bear phase with the current economic disruption. Anybody who is trying to dispose of their properties will find it difficult to get a good price immediately. (See Chart 3) Revenue performance will depend on fortunes of a fraction of the economy: The Indian economy is characterized by massive inequality. It has more than 400 million workers. Just over 50 million filed income tax returns (ITRs) in Assessment Year (AY) 2018-19. The gross total income reported by those who filed ITRs shows that these 50 million workers, just 12.5% of the total workforce, had a share of 30% in Indias GDP. Among the 50 million who filed ITRs, income reported by the top 5% had a share of 15% in Indias GDP. This also means that Indias direct tax collections will depend significantly on what happens to the incomes of the richest. An analysis of income tax data shows that the top 5% tax payers paid almost 90% of income tax in AY 2018-19. This statistic captures the dilemma before the government. While the poorest are the neediest during a contraction, a big fall in the incomes of the richest will curtail the ability of the government to help the poor. (See Chart 4) </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/more-firms-may-opt-for-delisting/story-CESpxL012syBVUeVUfv0iL.html</url>
<title>More firms may opt for delisting</title>
<body >Several Indian companies are considering going private as stock valuations remain depressed and promoters seek the freedom to restructure their businesses outside the scrutiny of public shareholders and regulators. Anil Agarwals Vedanta Ltd was the first off the block since the coronavirus pandemic hit Indias economy. Agarwal has offered to purchase the 49% stake held by public shareholders in the company. Given the sharp fall in the value of their stocks, more companies could look at the option of delisting their shares in the coming months, capital market advisers said. Adani Power Ltd and Diageo Plc-owned United Spirits Ltd are also considering going private, according to media reports. We are seeing growing interest in delisting. While it is surely a play of depressed valuations, it could also be a strategic move to reward shareholders and have better control over the company, said Yash Ashar, partner and head of capital markets at law firm Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas. He added that the recent changes made by regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to delisting norms, including allowing the acquirer to make a counter offer if the price discovered under the reverse book building process is not acceptable and a clarification on the reference date for computing the floor price, have helped ease the delisting process. While certain issues such as requirement of 90% shareholding of the promoter and promoter group post delistinghigher than global requirementsand clarity on counter offer mechanism remain, we expect there will be more activity on the delisting front in the coming months, till the companies see significant recovery in market capitalization, added Ashar. To be sure, while depressed valuations might be an attractive reason for the promoter to take the company private, the move might not be the best from the point of view of minority shareholders. Vedantas move to buy shares from public shareholders at an indicative price of 87.50 has not been received positively as shareholders feel that the price offered is not reflective of the true value of the company, Mint reported on May 21. The final price of delisting will be determined by a reverse book-building process. On pricing, we dont like companies to be opportunistic about delisting, said Amit Tandon, chief executive of proxy advisory firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services. Tandon said that the market can be divided into two sets of companies, those that are important for the markets that they stay listed and those that are better off delisted. Then you have the broader issue of the integrity of the market. Here you begin by classifying companies into two sets. The first set of companies are those who you want to continue to remain listed and the second is the set with sharp practices and unreliable accounts. We need to find a way to encourage the first set to continue to remain listed and the second set of companies to delist, said Tandon. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/boeing-begins-cutting-workforce-with-6-770-layoffs-in-us/story-2u8A68zU2hrUtDQpz2mU7N.html</url>
<title>Boeing begins cutting workforce with 6,770 layoffs in US</title>
<body >Boeing Co. unveiled the first and deepest of its planned job cuts, saying it would notify 6,770 employees in the U.S. this week that their positions would be eliminated. The collapse in air travel sparked by the coronavirus pandemic has sapped demand for jetliners, forcing Boeing to scale back its commercial business, Chief Executive Officer Dave Calhoun said Wednesday in a message to employees. Cuts overseas will be communicated separately. Calhoun warned last month that Boeing would need to cut 10%, or about 16,000 jobs, from its workforce as many of the companys best airline customers fight for survival. Rival Airbus SE also has been contemplating steep payroll reductions after announcing plans to pare output by more than a third. The Covid-19 pandemics devastating impact on the airline industry means a deep cut in the number of commercial jets and services our customers will need over the next few years, which in turn means fewer jobs on our lines and in our offices, Calhoun told employees. I wish there were some other way. Boeing gained 1% to $146.23 at 12:14 p.m. in New York. The stock has plunged 55% this year, the worst performance in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Voluntary Buyouts The company plans to pare its workforce over several months through natural attrition and several waves of job cuts, a spokesman said. Another 5,520 U.S. employees have been approved to leave voluntarily with severance packages and will depart Boeing in the next few weeks. The Chicago-based manufacturer had told union officials that layoff notices will go out Friday, and some managers have already begun alerting employees that they will lose their jobs, according to the union that represents about 18,000 engineers in the Puget Sound region. About 1,300 members were accepted for buyouts, a spokesman for the labor group said. Boeing is seeing some green shoots toward an eventual recovery, Calhoun said, noting that bookings are starting to outpace ticket cancellations at some airlines. The planemaker meanwhile is taking steps to restart production of its 737 Max jetliner, which has been halted since January as Boeing works with regulators to end a 14-month global grounding following two fatal crashes. Boeings defense business will continue to hire for projects that are deemed critical, and the company is reorganizing and streamlining its services division, Calhoun said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/horoscope-today-astrological-prediction-for-may-27-what-s-in-store-for-taurus-leo-virgo-scorpio-and-other-zodiac-signs/story-zKZVtxpOuFlB8SQPyYpJ1L.html</url>
<title>Horoscope Today: Astrological prediction for May 27, whats in store for Taurus, Leo, Virgo, Scorpio and other zodiac signs</title>
<body >The 12 signs in the zodiac calendar have their own traits that define a person. The positions of the sun and the planets decide how the day will look for us. Wouldnt it then be helpful if you started your day by knowing what s going to come your way? Go on and find out if the odds are in your favour today: *Aries (March 21-April 20) You may not get a chance to proceed on a planned vacation. Getting something done to set your house in order is indicated. Students are likely to experience their experimental side. Financial front remains stable with judicious spending. You will find the going easy on the work front today. Home remedy will prove effective for those feeling sleep deprived. A difference of opinion with the spouse should be handled with tact. Love Focus: The day promises to be perfect for a heart to heart interaction with the one you love. Lucky Colour: Light Grey Lucky Alphabet: R Friendly Numbers: 8,10,12 Friendly Zodiac Today: Pisces  Aries Be careful of: Virgo *Taurus (April 21-May 20) Misplacing money or an expensive item may give added tension. You are likely to find a perfect getaway for rest and relaxation. Lack of adequate preparation may get some students nervous. Compassion may be the key to your success, so shun harshness. Success on the professional or domestic front will put all health problems in the background. Love Focus: A member of opposite gender is likely to have the hots for you. Lucky Colour: Maroon Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 2, 11,22 Friendly Zodiac Today: Scorpio  Libra Be careful of: Pisces *Gemini (May 21-June 21) Some new installation or house set up may keep some homemakers busy. Music or movies will keep some entertained. Dilly-dallying on the academic front may stall your progress. A feeling of frustration regarding financing a project is likely to set in, but there is little you can do about it. You are likely to make great inroads on the professional front. Health may fluctuate between good and moderate, as an old ailment plays up. Love Focus: Misunderstandings on the romantic front are best avoided by opening the lines of communication. Lucky Colour: White Lucky Alphabet: V Friendly Numbers: 4, 11,18 Friendly Zodiac Today: Virgo  Scorpio Be careful of: Taurus *Cancer (June 22-July 22) Those wanting to start some business or change the present job will find the family supportive. Doing up a newly acquired place is on the cards for some. Get around to hiring people who may be expensive, but are professionally sound to run your business efficiently. Cloth merchants and those into textile business may require extra efforts to enhance business. Aping a health freak may prove beneficial. Love Focus: Prospects of marriage may brighten the horizon of a long-term relationship. Lucky Colour: Peach Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 11, 2, 22 Friendly Zodiac Today: Libra  Scorpio Be careful of: Gemini *Leo (July 23-August 23) Homemakers saving money for a particular task will have enough to see the work to completion. Advice to a youngster from your experience will help him achieve his dreams. Day seems favourable for builders and property dealers. Your spending may come under the scanner of parents, so check extravagance. A new colleague may give you stiff competition at the workplace, but will not be able to dislodge you. Figure conscious people will find it beneficial to adopt a different diet. Love Focus: On the romantic front, someone arriving from abroad may set your heart aflutter! Lucky Colour: Violet Lucky Alphabet: K Friendly Numbers: 3, 6, 9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Sagittarius Be careful of: Scorpio *Virgo (August 24-September 23) Connecting with distant relatives promise to take you down the memory lane. Minimal delays can be expected in a long journey. Chances of an immovable asset coming your way by way of inheritance cannot be ruled out. A delay in submitting an assignment on the academic front may give you tense moments. Although you are financially secure, you will need to find more avenues to increase earning. Recruitment agents will have to get a bigger bait to catch the bigger fish! Alternative therapies prove excellent for getting healthier. Love Focus: Pick your brains for some new romantic ideas, only they are going to work in the present situation. Lucky Colour: Coffee Lucky Alphabet: A Friendly Numbers: 4, 8, 11 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Libra Be careful of: Cancer *Libra (September 24-October 23) Those in love may plan to discuss their relationship with their families. Luck is likely to shine for those who have applied for a house or a plot. A desire you were harbouring in your heart for long is likely to be fulfilled today. Those in real estate will find the business turning profitable. You are likely to double your efforts on the business front to beat competition. Health of a sibling or child, not keeping well for long, is set to improve. Love Focus: Joining partner in another location is indicated and nearness will provide a sense of fulfillment. Lucky Colour: White Lucky Alphabet: K Friendly Numbers: 8, 12, 16 Friendly Zodiac Today: Sagittarius  Capricorn Be careful of: Taurus *Scorpio (October 24-November 22) Spouse remains in an upbeat mood, so do some fun things together. Plans for doing up the house may get underway soon. If you go the extra mile for someone, expect total support from him or her. A family member may start sharing in household expenses. Those in the armed or paramilitary forces may think of opting out for greener pastures. A health tip from an expert will do wonders in regaining a slim and trim figure. Love Focus: An opportunity to get close to an office colleague may materialise, so look your best! Lucky Colour: Peach Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 5, 11, 17 Friendly Zodiac Today: Cancer  Virgo Be careful of: Aries *Sagittarius (November 23-December 21) This is a favorable day to seal a property deal. You may be much in demand on the social front. Students are likely to click with a mentor and benefit on the education front. A slump on the business front is indicated, but it will only be temporary and things are certainly going to improve. The aches and pains that had been troubling you simply disappear, making you feel fit as a fiddle. Love Focus: Couples will manage to remove differences that had cropped up in the relationship. Lucky Colour: Purple Lucky Alphabet: T Friendly Numbers: 13, 18, 21 Friendly Zodiac Today: Capricorn  Libra Be careful of: Cancer *Capricorn (December 22-January 21) Some of you may become proud possessors of property soon by paying the final amount. Slow progress can be expected on the academic front, because of difficulties at every step. Those in job are likely to earn enough to save for the rainy day. A pending job at work may need to be delegated to juniors, due to paucity of time. Despite mental tensions you remain in perfect physical health. A long lost friend is likely to enter your life once again in the most unexpected manner. Love Focus: On the romantic front, partners sweet nothings will prove most soothing to the mind. Lucky Colour: Lemon Lucky Alphabet: R Friendly Numbers: 1, 12, 18 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Cancer Be careful of: Leo *Aquarius (January 22-February 19) Your mood is likely to be on the upswing, as someone from your childhood days connects back with you. Signing a property deal is indicated for some. sYour decision to invest in a government scheme will prove right in the prevailing financial conditions. Disinterest and lack of persistence at work may put you on the wrong side of seniors. Health initiative will prove beneficial, only if you are able to maintain it. Love Focus: A meeting with lover will need to be cancelled due to a prior commitment. Lucky Colour: Parrot Green Lucky Alphabet: M Friendly Numbers: 8, 12, 20 Friendly Zodiac Today: Leo  Scorpio Be careful of: Libra *Pisces (February 20-March 20) A financial tip may prove profitable and get you some good business. Those at loggerheads regarding a property will find an amicable solution. You are likely to get rewarded for your hard work soon. A utility or gadget acquired recently will be a money saver. Dont go in for any last minute changes or alterations in a plan or a project at work. Improvement in health is foreseen, as you take up an exercise routine. Luck takes a turn for the better, as you finally manage to stabilise both domestic and professional fronts. Love Focus: A healthy discussion will provide a perfect setting for taking the next crucial step in a relationship. Lucky Colour: Green Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 4, 16 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Scorpio Be careful of: Sagittarius The astrologer can be contacted at psharma@premastrologer.com or support@askmanisha.com. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 05:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/sensex-trims-early-gains-to-turn-red-nifty-around-9-000/story-mkjGFphX7iPUTKUVFeZzsL.html</url>
<title>Sensex ends 995 pts up, Nifty above 9,300 as banks rally</title>
<body >Domestic equity markets snapped a two-day losing streak on Wednesday to end more than 3% higher on the back on sharp gains by bank stocks. The SP BSE Sensex ended higher 995.92 points or 3.25% at 31,605 while the NSE Nifty 50 index settled at 9,316, up 285.90 points or 3.2%. Out of the 30 shares on Sensex, 24 ended in the green with Axis Bank closing over 14%. Axis Bank was followed by ICICI Bank at nearly 9%, HDFC Bank at 5.91% and Indus Bank at 5.84%. Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Wipro, Grasim Industries and HDFC Bank were among major gainers on the Nifty, while losers were Sun Pharma, UltraTech Cement, Titan, Shree Cements and Asian Paints. Sun Pharma and Ultra Cement were among the losers on Sensex. Among sectoral indices, the Nifty Bank ended with gains of 7.20%. Nifty IT up 2.93%, Nifty Metal up 2.58% and the Nifty PSU Bank index up 3.39% were the other sectoral gainers. The pharma and media index ended marginally lower. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-s-dabangg-to-turn-into-animated-series-crime-patrol-actor-preksha-mehta-s-suicide-leaves-colleagues-shocked/story-USGx3ijDhu24QUSfATeCeP.html</url>
<title>Salman Khans Dabangg to turn into animated series, Crime Patrol actor Preksha Mehtas suicide leaves colleagues shocked</title>
<body >Happy birthday AbRam: These photos of Shah Rukh Khans son with Aryan, Suhana, Gauri prove he is familys darling Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khan were over the moon when they welcomed their third child - AbRam - in 2013. The youngest Khan has been the darling of the family ever since he was born. Not only his parents, but his siblings Aryan and Suhana dote on him, as well. (Read full story here) Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Girija Shankar is better known as Dhritrashtra from the hit BR Chopra show, Mahabharat. However, not many know that the actor was just 28 when he played the visually challenged father of the Kaurvas and sported a white beard. Girija says that while he was apprehensive about playing an old man on screen at such a young age, he understood the importance of the character after he read about it. (Read full story here) Karan Kundrra condoles Preksha Mehtas suicide, says You were so young Karan Kundrra has condoled the death of fellow TV actor Preksha Mehta, who committed suicide at the age of 25 on Monday. Karan called for more conversations around mental health. (Read full story here) Sara Ali Khan takes fans on a tour of India in new video. Watch her Bharat state of mind  Amidst lockdown, actor Sara Ali Khan has shared a glimpse of her travels across India. In the video, Sara is seen covering key destinations in Rajasthan, Telangana and Gujarat. Learning about the diversities, beliefs and cultures among various things, Sara has given a sneak peek of her journey. Sharing the first episode of this lockdown edition with a namaste, she captioned the video: Episode 1: Bharat State of Mind. (Read full story here) Salman Khans Dabangg gets an animated series Superstar Salman Khans popular film franchise, Dabangg is all set to get a run as an animated series. The series will chronicle the life and capers of supercop Chulbul Pandey (played by Salman Khan in the films), and will also feature the animated avatars of all popular characters of the franchise including Chhedi Singh (played by Sonu Sood in the films), Rajjo (Sonakshi Sinha) and Prajapatiji (played by the late Vinod Khanna). (Read full story here) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/vidya-balan-turns-producer-with-her-first-short-film-natkhat-shares-poster/story-gtjJgDHTgREV20tkUKeLLL.html</url>
<title>Vidya Balan turns producer with her first short film Natkhat, shares poster</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Vidya Balan shared the first poster from her upcoming short film Natkhat which shows her in a sari with a  young boy. Directed by Shaan Vyas, the film has been co-produced by Vidya and Ronnie Screwvala. The body language and pose of the duo hints that Vidya could be the mother of the young boy in the picture. Sharing the image, she tweeted, Ek kahaani sunoge...? Presenting the first look of my first short film both as actor and producer .#Natkhat  @RSVPMovies @RonnieScrewvala @FontOfThinking @SanayaIZohrabi @mesopystic. The post attracted much love from her industry friends as well as fans. Aditi Rao Hydari, Dia Mirza and Ekta Kapoor were among the first ones to shower their love and blessings. "Ek kahaani sunoge...?" Presenting the first look of my first short film both as actor and producer .#Natkhat @RSVPMovies@RonnieScrewvala @FontOfThinking @SanayaIZohrabi @mesopystic pic.twitter.com/tLoiuA7PkG vidya balan (@vidya_balan) May 26, 2020 "Ek kahaani sunoge...?" Presenting the first look of my first short film both as actor and producer .#Natkhat @RSVPMovies@RonnieScrewvala @FontOfThinking @SanayaIZohrabi @mesopystic pic.twitter.com/tLoiuA7PkG View this post on Instagram           Im happy and excited to share that a few days ago, I did my first short film as an actor .... The film is called Natkhat and has me in a new role....that of PRODUCER .... I never had plans to turn producer but the story written by @annukampa_harsh and #ShaanVyas propelled me in that direction ...Its been a new and precious experience working with @shaanvs the director and his team, and to be partnering with #RonnieScrewvala  @rsvpmovies @sanayairanizohrabi on this beautiful and powerful story. Cant wait to share it with my world and hoping that it speaks to you like it did to me . #natkhat #ronniescrewvala A post shared by  Vidya Balan (@balanvidya) on Jul 22, 2019 at 8:59pm PDT Im happy and excited to share that a few days ago, I did my first short film as an actor .... The film is called Natkhat and has me in a new role....that of PRODUCER .... I never had plans to turn producer but the story written by @annukampa_harsh and #ShaanVyas propelled me in that direction ...Its been a new and precious experience working with @shaanvs the director and his team, and to be partnering with #RonnieScrewvala  @rsvpmovies @sanayairanizohrabi on this beautiful and powerful story. Cant wait to share it with my world and hoping that it speaks to you like it did to me . #natkhat #ronniescrewvala A post shared by  Vidya Balan (@balanvidya) on Jul 22, 2019 at 8:59pm PDT Announcing the short film in July 2019, Vidya had shared a picture of the clapperboard and wrote on Instagram, Im happy and excited to share that a few days ago, I did my first short film as an actor .... The film is called Natkhat and has me in a new role....that of PRODUCER .... I never had plans to turn producer but the story written by @annukampa_harsh and #ShaanVyas propelled me in that direction ...Its been a new and precious experience working with @shaanvs the director and his team, and to be partnering with #RonnieScrewvala  @rsvpmovies @sanayairanizohrabi on this beautiful and powerful story. Cant wait to share it with my world and hoping that it speaks to you like it did to me  #natkhat #ronniescrewvala. Talking about the film, Vidya had said in a statement, It is a beautiful and powerful story, which impressed me so much that I decided to act in it as well as make this film. Also read: Crime Patrol actor Preksha Mehta commits suicide at 25, leaves final note on Instagram Vidya will also be seen in a biopic on mathematician Shakuntala Devi where she essays the titular role. Bengali actor Jisshu Sengupta plays her husband in the film.  The film, directed by Anu Menon, also stars Sanya Malhotra and Amit Sadh in key roles. It will release on Amazon Prime Video. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-suits-up-for-work-from-home-ditches-stilettos-for-bathroom-slippers-see-pics/story-OjqEMPEFdbOUu2kuTmVEhL.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra suits up for work from home, ditches stilettos for bathroom slippers. See pics</title>
<body >Priyanka Chopra recently gave a glimpse of her work from home look as she paired a formal suit with casual slippers for a video call. The actor shared the look on social media. Sharing two pictures on Instagram, Priyanka wrote, Zoom meeting lewk! The actor is seen in a cream blazer worn over an orange top with some light makeup and combed hair. However, the actor, who is often spotted in her trademark stilettos, paired the look with unmatched slippers. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 26, 2020 at 11:34am PDT A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 26, 2020 at 11:34am PDT The post invited interesting reactions from several of her industry friends and fans with over 883000 likes. Mindy Kaling reacted, Im dead Pri with a laughing emoji and Priyanka responded to her with Hahaha.  A magazine editor coined her look as Business casual. One of her followers commented, Day after a looong weekend vibes. A fan wrote, Thats how we dress during quarantine. Another wrote, It happens with everyone. Apart from working from home, Priyanka is also spending quality time with husband Nick Jonas. The couple recently marked the second anniversary of their first date. Priyanka posted a picture of the two of them at Dodgers Stadium a couple of years ago, on her social media and wrote, 2 years ago today we took our very first picture together. Every day since then you have brought me endless joy and happiness. I love you Nick Jonas. Thank you for making our life together so incredible. Heres to many more date nights. Nick replied in the comments with, Best two years of my life. I love you. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Sometime later, he also posted a different photograph from a different date, but to express the same sentiment. He wrote: This beautiful woman and I went on our first date two years ago today. It has been the best two years of my life, and to think I am lucky enough to get to spend the rest of my life with her is such an incredible blessing. I love you babe. Happy two years. Nick and Priyanka got married in India in December 2018. They later hosted multiple receptions for friends and family. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/art-and-culture/not-a-harry-potter-spinoff-jk-rowling-is-releasing-first-chapters-of-new-story-ickabog-online-for-free/story-y7z59HmbtbTBS9qjmON82H.html</url>
<title>Not a Harry Potter spin-off: JK Rowling releases first chapters of new story, The Ickabog, online for free</title>
<body >Renowned childrens author JK Rowling is publishing a new story called The Ickabog, which will be free to read online to help entertain children and families stuck at home during the coronavirus pandemic. Taking to her Twitter handle on Tuesday, the author announced, I have a small announcement, but before I get started, I want to head off one possible source of confusion. THIS IS NOT A HARRY POTTER SPIN-OFF. The authors 13 tweet long thread went on, Over 10 years ago, I wrote a stand-alone fairy tale called The Ickabog.... About The Ickabog The idea for The Ickabog came to me while I was still writing Harry Potter. I wrote most of a first draft in fits and starts between Potter books, intending to publish it after... I always meant to publish it, but after the last Potter was released I wrote two novels for adults and, after some dithering, decided to put those out next. Until very recently, the only people whod heard the story of  The Ickabog were my two younger children. She went on to write how she though The Ickabog was not for public eyes, Over time I came to think of The Ickabog as just for my family. The manuscript went up into the attic, where it remained until a few weeks ago. This is the very dusty box I got down from the attic. Opening the box was like opening a time capsule. Most of the story was handwritten, but bits had been typed up. When I put it into some kind of order (Im not renowned for my filing skills) I had a patchwork first draft. The first two chapters of The Ickabog are available for free here:https://t.co/afFEfRQQ5C J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) May 26, 2020 The first two chapters of The Ickabog are available for free here:https://t.co/afFEfRQQ5C The Harry Potter author said she wrote the fairy tale for her children as a bedtime story over a decade ago.   Set in an imaginary land, it is a stand-alone story about truth and the abuse of power for children from 7 to 9 years old and is unrelated to Rowlings other books. Rowling said the draft of the story had stayed in her attic while she focused on writing books for adults.   She said her children, now teenagers, were touchingly enthusiastic when she recently suggested retrieving the story and publishing it for free. For the last few weeks Ive been immersed in a fictional world I thought Id never enter again. As I worked to finish the book, I started reading chapters nightly to the family again, she said. The Ickabogs first two readers  (her children) told me what they remember from when they were tiny, and demanded the reinstatement of bits theyd particularly liked (I obeyed).   The first two chapters were posted online Tuesday, with daily instalments to follow until July 10. The book will be published in print later this year, and Rowling said she will pledge royalties from its sales to projects helping those particularly affected by the pandemic. On her personal website, Rowling explained the premise of  Ickabog, The Ickabog is a story about truth and the abuse of power. To forestall one obvious question: the idea came to me well over a decade ago, so it isnt intended to be read as a response to anything thats happening in the world right now. The themes are timeless and could apply to any era or any country. I LOVE this Ickabog! #TheIckabog https://t.co/VdbjMwQt4Q J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) May 26, 2020 I LOVE this Ickabog! #TheIckabog https://t.co/VdbjMwQt4Q The author has also asked, via her Twitter handle, children between the ages of 7-12 to contribute artwork and illustrations for the story, saying that other ages can send in their art too as she would love to see it. She wrote, Ill be giving suggestions as to what to draw as we go along, but you should let your imagination run wild. And her feed is flooded with variations of the characters of Ickabog, and Ickabog himself. Rowling also mentioned that it is an official competition that is being run by Scholastic and that the final printed version of the book, which will release later this year, could have the artwork of those who participate. Whether any compensation will be offered wasnt mentioned by Rowling, however the competitions official rules say that a total of 34 winners will receive a signed copy of the book, adding that $650 worth of books will be donated by Scholastic to the winners choice of school or library. (With AP inputs) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/reminder-of-threat-posed-by-beijing-us-backs-india-amid-border-tensions-with-china/story-MYLVZr5sna0awWvhGsxulO.html</url>
<title>Reminder of threat posed by Beijing: US backs India amid border tensions with China</title>
<body >The US on Wednesday strongly backed India amid its simmering border tensions with China, with the Trump administrations pointperson for South Asia saying such disputes are a reminder of the threat posed by China. Alice Wells, the outgoing head of the state departments South and Central Asia bureau, said there like-minded nations such as the US, India, Australia and Asean states have rallied together in the face of Chinas provocations and disturbing behaviour. The remarks, made in the course of an online briefing for journalists, came against the backdrop of simmering tensions in Ladakh and Sikkim sectors of the Line of Actual Control (LAC), where India and China have deployed additional troops. China on Tuesday also accused Indian forces of crossing into Chinese territory. The top US diplomat also addressed Indias role as a critical player in Afghanistan, saying it was for New Delhi to decide whether it wants to directly engage with the Taliban. However, she suggested that with the Taliban set to join the emerging governing structure in Kabul, it would be necessary for India and any future Afghan government to have a healthy relationship. Answering a question on the recent India-China tensions, Wells replied: The flare-ups on the border, I think, are a reminder that Chinese aggression is not always just rhetorical. And so whether its in the South China Sea or whether its along the border with India, we continue to see provocations and disturbing behaviour by China that raises questions about how China seeks to use its growing power. She added, What we want to see is an international system that provides benefit to everyone and not a system in which there is suzerainty to China. And so I think in this instance, the border disputes are a reminder of the threat posed by China. Chinas actions have led to a rallying of like-minded nations, whether its through Asean or through other diplomatic groupings  the trilateral that the US has with Japan and India or the quadrilateral with Australia  and conversations that are taking place globally, Wells said. India is and will remain a critical player in Afghanistan and this was reflected in US special envoy Zalmay Khalilzads decision to travel to New Delhi amid the Covid-19 lockdown for consultations with the Indian leadership last week, Wells said. Khalilzad had said in an interview that India should engage with the Taliban. Asked about the issue, Wells replied: We defer to India as to whether it wants to engage directly with the Taliban. But in a situation where we are seeking through a negotiated political settlement to have the Taliban as part of that political governing structure, that governments relationship with India should be close, and we believe that a healthy Afghanistan is going to need to have a healthy relationship with India. Wells was less forthcoming on a question about the US-Taliban agreement signed in February having no guarantees about Afghan soil being used by anti-India terror groups such as Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed that are known to have links with the Taliban. The Taliban, she said, have made commitments against international terrorism, and the US is committed to ensuring that Afghan soil is never used as a base for terrorism directed against us, the region and our friends and partners. Noting the $3 billion in aid and political and diplomatic support provided by New Delhi to Kabul, she added, Obviously, its up to India to determine how best to support the peace process. Wells also noted that the core principles of President Donald Trumps South Asia Strategy of 2107 remain in place  that Pakistan must take decisive action against militant groups and that India is an important partner in Afghanistans development. Trumps suspension of security assistance to Pakistan in January 2018 demonstrated our resolve, she said. The South Asia Strategy also marked a major change by seeking to hold Pakistan accountable for the presence of terrorist groups on its soil. Pakistan has taken initial steps to curtail terror groups that threaten the region, such as arresting and prosecuting LeT leader Hafiz Saeed and beginning to dismantle terrorist financing structures, she said. With the formation of an inclusive government by President Ashraf Ghani and his rival Abdullah Abdullah, Wells said, the time has come to double down in Afghanistan and take forward the peace process and to root out the Islamic State, which has committed despicable acts of violence such as the attack on a maternity hospital in Kabul. It is against groups like ISIS that we believe the Afghan government and Taliban should make common cause and youre only going to be able to defeat the most vicious of these terrorists by reaching a peace agreement that allows a unified and total response to the threat posed by these terrorist organisations, she said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 21:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/china-threatens-us-counter-measures-if-punished-for-hong-kong-law/story-QcSI1klJLS5gy5IzViEjSL.html</url>
<title>China threatens US counter measures if punished for Hong Kong law</title>
<body >China on Monday threatened counter measures against the United States if it was punished for plans to impose a sedition law on Hong Kong, that the business hubs security chief hailed as a new tool that would defeat terrorism. Beijing plans to pass a new security law for Hong Kong that bans treason, subversion and sedition after months of massive, often-violent pro-democracy protests last year. But many Hong Kongers, business groups and western nations fear the proposal could be a death blow to the citys treasured freedoms and thousands took to the streets on Sunday despite a ban on mass gatherings introduced to combat coronavirus. As police dispersed the crowds with tear gas and water cannon, Washingtons national security advisor Robert OBrien warned the new law could cost the city its preferential US trading status. But Chinas foreign ministry said Beijing would react to any sanctions from Washington. If the US insists on hurting Chinas interests, China will have to take every necessary measure to counter and oppose this, foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian told reporters on Monday. Hong Kong has become the latest flashpoint in soaring tensions between the worlds two super powers which China has likened to the brink of a new Cold War. The refusal to grant Hong Kongers democracy has sparked rare bipartisan support in an otherwise bitterly divided Washington during the Trump administration. Beijing portrays the citys protests as a foreign-backed plot to destabilise the motherland and says other nations have no right to interfere in how the international business hub is run. - Mainland agents? - Protesters, who have hit the streets in their millions, say they are motivated by years of Beijing chipping away at the citys freedoms since it was handed back to China by Britain in 1997. Hong Kong enjoys liberties unseen on the mainland, as well as its own legal system and trade status. Campaigners view the security law proposal as the most brazen move yet by Beijing to end free speech and the citys ability to make its own laws. Of particular concern is a provision allowing Chinese security agents to operate in Hong Kong, with fears it could spark a crackdown on those voicing dissent against Chinas communist rulers. On the mainland, subversion laws are routinely wielded against critics. The proposed law, which Chinas rubber-stamp legislature is expected to act on quickly, will also bypass Hong Kongs own legislature. The citys influential Bar Association on Monday described the proposed motion as worrying and problematic -- and warned it may even breach the territorys mini-constitution. The proposal has spooked investors with Hong Kongs stock exchange suffering its largest drop in five years on Friday. On Monday it had yet to recover, closing just 0.10 percent up. - Restore social order - Hong Kongs unpopular pro-Beijing government has welcomed the law. Terrorism is growing in the city and activities which harm national security, such as Hong Kong independence, become more rampant, security minister John Lee said in a statement welcoming the planned legislation. Police chief Chris Tang cited 14 recent cases where explosives had been seized and said the new law would help combat the force of Hong Kong independence and restore social order. Last years protests were initially sparked by plans to allow extraditions to the mainland but soon snowballed into a popular revolt against Beijing and the citys police force. Beijing has dismissed protester demands for an inquiry into the police, amnesty for the 8,500 people arrested and universal suffrage. The demonstrations fizzled at the start of the year as mass arrests and the coronavirus took their toll. But they have rekindled in recent weeks with Sundays rally producing the most intense clashes for months and police making at least 120 arrests. During last years huge pro-democracy rallies, mob attacks were common on both sides of the political divide and a video of protesters beating a lawyer at Sundays rally was seized on by Chinas state media. Hu Xijin, editor-in-chief of the nationalist tabloid Global Times, posted the video on Twitter -- a platform banned in mainland China. Lets see what the Washington-backed Hong Kong democracy really looks like, he wrote. su-jta/rbu </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/trump-biden-take-on-each-other-over-issue-of-wearing-face-masks/story-YVVhpNjIXsLEznVOTAyXyM.html</url>
<title>Trump, Biden take on each other over the issue of wearing face mask</title>
<body >As the United States deals with the sobering implications of the Covid-19 deaths  nearing 100,000, a third of the global toll, President Donald Trump waged a culture war with Joe Biden - his presumptive Democratic challenger for the White House - over face masks that his own health officials have strongly recommended for Americans. Trump, who has refused to appear in public wearing a mask, started this round by retweeting a post Monday that had a picture of former vice-president Joe Biden wearing a mask. The tweet by Brit Hume read, This might explain why Trump doesnt like to wear a mask in public. Biden today. Asked if he meant to criticise the former vice-president for wearing a mask, Trump, said Tuesday, No, Biden can wear a mask, but he was standing outside with his wife -- perfect conditions, perfect weather. Theyre inside, and they dont wear masks. This might help explain why Trump doesnt like to wear a mask in public. Biden today. pic.twitter.com/9l1gw1ljBE Brit Hume (@brithume) May 25, 2020 This might help explain why Trump doesnt like to wear a mask in public. Biden today. pic.twitter.com/9l1gw1ljBE Public health officials have, in fact, recommended masks be worn whenever in social situations where social distancing is difficult, indoors or outdoors. Biden, whose picture on the post was taken during his visit to an event to commemorate Memorial Day, was right for wearing a mask in that situation. Hes a fool, an absolute fool to talk that way, Biden said in a CNN interview about the president. Presidents are supposed to lead, not engage in folly and be falsely masculine. Even at  the time Trump  announced recommendatory use of masks, as required by the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention early April, the president  had said he wont be wearing one, suggesting he had to deal with other heads of states and governments. And the president has steadfastly refused to wear one since. The one time he did, during a tour of an automobile manufacturing plant last week that had switched to making ventilators, he removed it before facing reporters. Masks have become a tool in a culture war in which some conservatives and right-wing activists have turned them into a sign of weakness. There have been instances in which people wearing masks have been shouted at by others at grocery stores and other public places. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/pm-boris-grilled-on-adviser-row-but-won-t-budge/story-KGX6a8oKhm9qTV1EvTsaBN.html</url>
<title>PM Boris grilled on adviser row but wont budge</title>
<body >Prime Minister Boris Johnson faced forensic questions on the conduct of his controversial chief adviser Dominic Cummings from members of the Liaison Committee of the House of Commons on Wednesday, but refused to budge on supporting him in the face of demands to sack him. Johnson and Cummings have been the subject of considerable anger and more across the UK for the latter breaching curbs imposed to deal with coronavirus. Johnson was accused by MPs of putting national health at risk by endangering public trust in official guidance by not dismissing the aide. Johnson again refused to order an inquiry into Cummings actions to drive over 260 miles in end-March when his family had virus symptoms, and when official advice was to stay at home. According to him, the inquiry would not be a good use of official time. Repeating that public discourse should now move on, Johnson said he understood the anger and indignation of millions of Britons who have flooded email inboxes of MPs on the issue. But he did not think that the row would encourage people to break guidance. He told MPs: I know there is a great political interest in this and I totally understand the public indignation, but... I have said what I have said about the whole business and it would be much better if we could move on. Nearly 40 Conservative MPs have openly asked Johnson to dismiss Cummings in order to dispel the growing impression  as borne out in opinion polls  that there is one rule for those in power and another for the people. The government is due to announce its latest assessment of the stage at which the UK is in dealing with the virus on Thursday. As of Wednesday, there have been 37,460 deaths and 267,240 cases in the UK, making it the worst affected in Europe. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/anthony-fauci-says-coronavirus-vaccine-in-2020-viable/story-cN8NyEVLOabzzefiGc9u8O.html</url>
<title>Anthony Fauci says coronavirus vaccine in 2020 viable</title>
<body >Anthony Fauci, the U.S. governments top infectious-disease expert, said theres a good chance a vaccine may be deployable by November or December. Cases soared in Brazil, and police opened an investigation into Rio de Janeiros handling of the crisis, while Mexico had its deadliest day yet. The European Union will propose a fiscal package worth more than $800 billion, and Japan is planning new economic stimulus valued in excess of $1 trillion. The euro-area is faring worse than hoped, facing a recession as bad as the European Central Banks more pessimistic forecasts. In Britain, pressure mounted on Prime Minister Boris Johnson to fire his chief aide and the government may look at lockdowns on a local level if cases flare. U.S. fatalities approached the 100,000 level, though infections rose at the slowest pace since March and President Donald Trump unveiled plans to increase testing. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/two-drug-peddlers-arrested-with-1-2kg-opium-in-ludhiana/story-pdJWvXxwdkB08GR51oiXUJ.html</url>
<title>Two drug peddlers arrested with 1.2kg opium in Ludhiana</title>
<body >A Crime Investigation Agency (CIA) team of Jagraon on Wednesday arrested two drug peddlers and recovered 1.2kg opium from their possession. The accused have been identified as Vishal Singh alias Vicky of Mughalpura and Deepak Kumar alias Deepu of Model Town, Hoshiarpur. Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Vivek Sheel Soni said that on the basis of a tip-off, a team of CIA Jagraon had installed a checkpoint near Chaukiman police post and stopped a pick-up truck. During checking, the team found opium hidden in a black coloured polybag, he said. WERE ON WAY TO SUPPLY DRUGS TO CUSTOMERS The SSP also said, The accused are regular offenders and supply opium from different states to different cities of Punjab. Before their arrest, they were on their way to supply the drugs to their customers in Jagraon and Moga. The accused are being questioned and a case has been registered under Sections 18/25/61 and 85 of the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act at Sadar Jagraon police station. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/list-pvt-hospitals-for-free-or-affordable-covid-care-sc-tells-centre/story-mOsM1qhyUXssEvsj1ybdsL.html</url>
<title>List pvt hospitals for free or affordable Covid care: SC tells Centre</title>
<body >New Delhi The Supreme Court has tasked the Centre with identifying private hospitals across the country for treating patients of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) either free or at a nominal cost. The suggestion came onWednesday from a bench headed by Chief Justice of India (CJI) SA Bobde that was hearing a public interest litigation on the  excessive fees being charged by private hospitals to treat Covid-19 patients. When the nation is fighting a battle against the pandemic, all such private hospitals which are running on public land (allotted at concessional rates) or are running under the category of charitable institutions should be called upon to provide the hospitalization and treatment to the Covid-19 patients pro bono publico (free of cost) or on no-profit basis, said the petition filed by lawyer Sachin Jain. The bench, also comprising justices AS Bopanna and Hrishikesh Roy, found merit in the submission and requested solicitor general Tushar Mehta, appearing for the Centre, to take instructions on the matter and respond within a week. The bench told Mehta, These hospitals have been given land either free of cost or at concessional rates. They should treat patients also for free. Jain informed the court that a majority of the citizens cannot afford the high cost of treatment at private hospitals. Many are not covered by insurance schemes that can foot the bills. Given the resource crunch of government-owned hospitals, he argued, It becomes apparent that the government/public health sector alone may not be able to manage the fallout, and hence, extensive participation of the private healthcare sector would be required. At present, there is no cost regulation for treatment of Covid-19 patients in private hospitals, the petition filed by Sachin Jain stated. . The petition said hospital beds and basic treatment can be offered at a concessional prices;   surgical operations or procedures can be kept out of the ambit of free or concessional treatment. Mehta informed the apex court that a decision of this nature  is a policy matter and must be left to the wisdom of the government. He agreed to take instructions on the matter from the government and respond to the concerns expressed by the court within a week. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/modi-2-0-year-one-bjp-to-hold-six-virtual-rallies-in-up/story-vGixPVY81YsZ5dFbI0eN1K.html</url>
<title>Modi 2.0, year one: BJP to hold six virtual rallies in UP</title>
<body >To mark one year of Modi 2.0, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has planned six virtual rallies in Uttar Pradesh that it hopes to launch from May 30. The party has divided the state in six regions and a virtual rally is expected to be held in each of them. The UP government has banned public gatherings in the state till June 30 to check the spread of coronavirus and the virtual rallies, in which the party leaders would address masses through video conferencing and on social media and other ways, is seen as a strategy by the party to connect with the masses. These rallies would be backed up by a mass digital contact campaign for which the party would set up Whatsapp groups having prominent people of the state through whom it would spread Modi governments achievements, its handling of Covid-19 crisis in particular, among the masses, party leaders said after a meeting held through video conferencing at the UP BJP office on Wednesday. UP BJP chief Swatantra Dev Singh and state general secretary (organisation) Sunil Bansal said the party would carry out its outreach campaign while following the lockdown restrictions and social distancing protocols. BJP chief JP Nadda would also address cadres on Facebook. The party cadres would also distribute face covers and sanitisers as part of the campaign. From striking down triple talaq, ending article 370 in Kashmir, helping carve a separate identity for Ladakh and the end to years of wait for construction of Ram temple, the beginning of Modis 2.0 is full of achievements, the BJP leaders said. The BJPs various frontal organisations and wings like its Muslim wing, womens wing, SC/ST and OBC wings would also connect with the cadres and masses through video conferencing even as partys booth level cadres would distribute Prime Minister Narendra Modis letter to the people. Barring hotspots and containment zones, party cadres would also visit homes, but care would be taken to maintain social distancing and cadres wearing masks, said UP BJP leader Manish Dixit. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/panjab-university-syndicate-to-decide-on-action-to-be-taken-against-employees-found-negligent-during-2016-municipal-election/story-A04FyC7ZshuSDnubXcAUnO.html</url>
<title>Panjab University syndicate to decide on action to be taken against employees found negligent during 2016 municipal election</title>
<body >The Panjab University syndicate will take a call on disciplinary action to be taken against three employees of the varsity who were found negligent of duties when they were deputed on election duty during the 2016 municipal election. The three employees were deputed as polling officers at a station in Maloya Colony, Chandigarh. According to a letter by state election commission, UT Chandigarh, to the university in 2017, there were irregularities in the conduct of election at the polling booth where these employees were deputed, due to which re-polling was conducted. According to the commissions report, there were 986 votes in the working copy of the electoral roll out, of which the names of 395 voters stood deleted. As many as 685 voters were to cast their vote. However, 703 votes were cast. The commission directed PU to take disciplinary action against the three employees. The matter was later taken up in a syndicate meeting on November 2018, but no decision was taken. In October 2019, the syndicate said a regular enquiry will be conducted against the officials, following which a memorandum was issued to them with the statement of allegations. However, the employees said the state election commission has already conducted a fact finding enquiry according to which there was lack of monitoring and managerial skills on part of returning officers and assistant returning officer. The matter was referred to a sub-committee constituted by the V-C which in their January 23, 2020, meeting recommended that the matter, along with replies of the officials of the university and copy of the fact finding report of the state election commission be referred to the syndicate for consideration. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/self-styled-godman-booked-for-organising-congregation-at-delhi-temple/story-w6VGyhqZo1fyH7LKASCqSO.html</url>
<title>Self-styled godman booked for organising congregation at Delhi temple</title>
<body >New Delhi: A self-styled godman, Daati Maharaj, was booked on Saturday for allegedly organising a religious congregation at a temple on Friday, in contravention of the nationwide lockdown in place to stem the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19). Several photographs in which many people, including children, were seen attending a religious congregation surfaced on social media on Saturday morning. Several social media users said the photograph was of Daati Maharaj and his followers. Hindustan Times could not independently verify the authenticity of the photos, but Delhi Police confirmed they were of the self-styled preacher at his temple in Asola. Deputy commissioner of police (south) Atul Kumar Thakur said the visuals of a ceremony at Shanidham Mandir in Asola near Mehrauli showed that people present there were not following social distancing norms, and that the temple had been opened to the public despite government orders that has prohibited religious gatherings. Thakur said Daati Maharaj  the chief priest of the temple, and some others were at the temple for nearly three hours for the ceremony, starting at 7.30pm on Friday. During a preliminary enquiry, Thakur said, police found that Daati Maharaj, the chief priest of temple, along with some others had gathered for a ceremony for nearly three hours, starting at 7.30 pm on Friday. The officer said that a case under Section 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant), 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code, Section 54 of Disaster Management Act, and Section 3 of Epidemic Diseases Act has been registered at Maidan Garhi police station. Being the chief priest of the temple, Daati Maharaj has been named in the FIR along with others, who are being identified, Thakur said, adding that the investigating team has began their probe and are questioning Daati Maharaj and his associates who were present at the temple on Friday evening. The self-styled preacher could not be contacted for his comment. A person, who answered the phone on a number mentioned on the temples website, said Daati Maharaj was present in the temple but was unavailable for a comment. A senior investigator, who did not want to be named, said they have learnt that a political leader was also present in the religious congregation. We are examining CCTV footage from cameras installed at the temple and on the road outside. All those who violated the lockdown rules will be identified and booked in the case, the investigator added. The self-styled preacher and his two associates were booked in 2018 for allegedly raping and sexually assaulting an inmate of his ashram. A case was registered on the womans complaint and it was transferred to the crime branch. The case was later transferred to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 22:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/ludhiana-s-arya-college-organises-webinar-on-tools-of-e-learning/story-NZ8JxXifiYPezKvy5hsB6L.html</url>
<title>Ludhianas Arya College organises webinar on tools of e-learning</title>
<body >A webinar on tools of e-learning was organised at Arya College, Ludhiana, by its internal quality assessment cell (IQAC) on Wednesday. In her inaugural address, principal Savita Uppal assured the students and their parents that the college will continue to impart education through new tools in addition to the traditional classroom teaching. Coordinator Suksham Ahluwalia highlighted the need to adopt online teaching-learning techniques amid the Covid-19 pandemic. Other speakers included Kumud Chawla, who spoke on Swayam, and Mamta Ratra, who gave a presentation on online encyclopaedias. Rama Bansal and Sonia Uppal talked about digital library and e-pathshala, respectively. The coordinator rounded off the session with a brief outline of the e-learning channel run by the college on YouTube. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/carpenter-misses-train-home-now-daunted-by-expenses-of-newborn-in-chandigarh/story-s4JcF1DMrGjCCzTpKpix9O.html</url>
<title>Carpenter misses train home, now daunted by expenses of newborn in Chandigarh</title>
<body >While waiting in the scorching heat for hours to catch the Shramik special train to Uttar Pradesh, 25-year-old Garima developed labour pains minutes before boarding the train. She was rushed to Manimajra Civil Hospital and within minutes she delivered a baby boy. Sitting outside the gynaecology ward, her husband Pawan, 28, and their 3-year-old son wait earnestly to hold the newborn in their arms. A carpenter by profession, Pawan, from Maalipur village in UPs Sultanpur district, came to Chandigarh in 2008 seeking a livelihood. The family of three live in a room in Vikas Nagar on rent at 2,000. However, the lockdown left him with no work. March 24 being his last working day, he had only 11,500 on him for the next three months. I managed for two months, but had to spent 1,500 to transport my wife to the hospital. Then in May, I borrowed a sum of 7,000, he said. When Pawan was left with about 1,000, he decided to leave the city. Although, my wife was due to deliver this month, we took the risk of taking the train home, he said. On Wednesday at 8 am, the family reached Sector 26, from where they were ferried by bus with other labourers to the railway station. Garima, who was ignoring the pain since morning, found it unbearable by the time they reached the station. Sub inspector Urmila Rao with Government Railway Police (GRP) who was at the railway station said: When she developed pains, I called the ambulance which arrived in 10-15 minutes and rushed her to the hospital. Dr Sarita, head of Gynaecology department, Manimajra Civil Hospital, said the woman reached around 12 noon in the second stage of labour. Within 10-15 minutes of her arrival, she delivered the baby. Both mother and child are safe, she said. Sitting outside the ward, Pawan said he had been hoping for a baby girl but is happy that mother and child are healthy. Now, with less than 2,000 in his pocket, he said, We will leave for my hometown this week, but as of now I have to meet other expenses such as diapers. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/up-home-quarantine-guideline-brings-worries-for-medical-staff/story-GxZfEVaGJVw2TMhqQeJVGN.html</url>
<title>UP: Home quarantine guideline brings worries for medical staff</title>
<body >Medical teams attending to Covid-19 patients will now go for home quarantine, instead of facility (hotel) quarantine, after 14 days of duty. But the arrangement has brought worries for the medics who believe that this may put their family members at risk of infection. The state health department had recently issued an order with regard to the new guidelines for quarantine of medical staff. Going straight home after 14 days of continuous duty means taking infection, if any, back home, said Pradip Gangwar, president, KGMU employees association. Not all medical workers have big houses and separate rooms for themselves (for home quarantine). Many have elderly and children living with them, who are more vulnerable to contracting infection, said Seema Shukla, president of the Nursing Staff Association at the PGI, said. On Wednesday, the KGMU had sent its batch of medical staff to hotel quarantine, but the batch working now may have to go home after 14 days of duty. The university shall adopt new guidelines in a day or two, said Dr JD Rawat, member of the quarantine committee and senior faculty at KGMU. Different associations have approached institute heads and demanded that the hotel/facility quarantine should continue. At least seven days of facility quarantine should be allowed, as by then, symptoms, if any, will be clear, said Amita Srivastava, nursing staff at KGMU who has completed Covid-19 duty and facility quarantine. At the KGMU, about 80 staff members, including doctors, nurses and paramedical staff, are working in the Covid ward that has asymptomatic patients and also those in serious condition or on ventilator support. At the SGPGI, at least 20 staff members are on Covid duty. The strength reduces with less patients and increases with more, said Shukla. Similarly, the Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences has 20 staff on Covid-19 duty at any given time. Many medics live in a one or two room set. In such a situation, some alternatives will have to be worked out, said Prof AK Tripathi, director of Lohia institute. The PGI administration has been apprised of the issue. It is a problem for all medical institutes in the state and hence needs attention. Otherwise new hotspots might come up, added Seema Shukla. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/china-s-muscle-flexing-explained-and-how-india-can-tame-the-dragon-l-in-focus/video-XOCSqd4oTH8vcJlHh0qurK.html</url>
<title>Chinas muscle flexing explained and how India can tame the dragon l In Focus</title>
<body >Indian and Chinese troops are locked in a confrontation along the LAC in Ladakh following violent clashes early this month. The Indian government has said that it will not allow China to change the status quo on the LAC. India has also accused the Chinese Army ofhindering activities on the Indian side of the LAC. So whats behind Chinas border aggression? Hindustan Times senior Editor Aditi Prasad and Foreign Editor Pramit Pal Chaudhuri decode the issue with Former Ambassador to US Meera Kumar and strategic affairs expert Major General Asthana. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/intensity-of-heat-wave-likely-to-start-subsiding-from-may-28-imd/video-g9xwQMuemWdhSVCRO1srWO.html</url>
<title>Intensity of heat wave likely to start subsiding from May 28: IMD</title>
<body >Parts of North India have been reeling under severe heat wave. IMD said that the heat wave is likely to reduce from May 28. Punjabs Bathinda town has been sizzling at record high of 47.5C. On May 26, Mercury hit 50C in Churu while Palam area in Delhi recorded 47.6C. Heatwave conditions are also being witnessed in UP, Maharashtra. Earlier this week, IMD sounded a red category alert for Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, west and east Rajasthan. Red category alert implies authorities should take action to avoid health emergencies. The IMD alert was issued for Monday and Tuesday for heatwave to severe heat waves. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/scuffle-breaks-out-between-2-factions-of-ysrcp-in-andhra-pradesh-2-injuredvideo/video-aOPGGSc5UWa3HycQ1XUP5I.html</url>
<title>Scuffle breaks out between 2 factions of YSRCP in Andhra Pradesh, 2 injured</title>
<body >A scuffle broke out between two factions of YSR Congress Party in Andhra Pradesh. Incident was reported during a groundbreaking ceremony in Payalkunta village in Kadapa district. People were seen pelting stones, beating each other in the video released of the incident. At least two were reportedly injured in the incident. People intervened to disperse the crowd. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/watch-elephants-roam-the-streets-in-munnar-as-lockdown-keeps-tourists-awayvideo/video-6vXnZ59k5VO289KBBYpB9L.html</url>
<title>Watch: Elephants roam the streets in Munnar as lockdown keeps tourists away</title>
<body >With lockdown keeping tourists away, elephants can be seen roaming around in the streets of Munnar. The jumbos have been spotted not just in the day but also at night. The jumbos raid vegetable shops in the locality but have not attacked any human as yet. Angry residents are now planning an agitation and forest guards have also been deployed in the area. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/quarantine-sanitiser---parents-give-unique-names-to-newborn-twins-in-upvideo/video-8euPRPg5CURexJpYQd89PJ.html</url>
<title>Quarantine, Sanitiser: Parents give unique names to newborn twins in UP</title>
<body >Parents of newly-born twins in UP named their kids as Quarantine and Sanitiser. The unique incident has been reported in Uttar Pradeshs Meerut amid Covid-19 lockdown. So far, India has recorded over 1.5 lakh infections and more than 4,200 deaths. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/watch-flying-bullets-operationalised-iaf-chief-takes-sortie-in-tejas/video-SDNA1dnQ4Zl7FgNFcRPnQP.html</url>
<title>Watch: Flying Bullets operationalised, IAF Chief flies Tejas aircraft</title>
<body >The Indian Air Force operationalised its no.18 Squadron, the Flying Bullets, at a ceremony in Air Force Station, Sulur, Tamil Nadu. The No.18 Squadron will be the second one to have the home-made Tejas, after the 45 Squadron. Indian Air Chief Marshal R.K.S. Bhadauria also flew the Light Combat Aircraft Tejas fighter with the 45 Squadron. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/-farmers-son-secures-2nd-position-in-bihar-board-class-10th-examvideo/video-ehHTH90E8rZePEWaf3gL5M.html</url>
<title>Watch: Farmers son secures 2nd position in Bihar Board Class 10th exam</title>
<body >Results of Bihar School Examination Board were released on May 26. Durgesh Kumar, a farmers son secured 2nd place in Bihar Board Class 10th exam. Durgesh aspires to become an engineer in life. He said that his parents and teachers supported him throughout and he wishes to join an IIT in the future. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/vikram-chandra-on-rahul-vs-centre-maha-tension-politics-in-covid-battle/video-wd9EikiM4McpI2GHjwqtbL.html</url>
<title>Vikram Chandra on Rahul vs Centre; Maha-tension. Politics in Covid battle?</title>
<body >Rahul attacked the Centre saying that the lockdown has failed since cases continue to rise exponentially. Meanwhile tensions are brewing in Maharashtra as the Shiv Sena govt faces heat over its handling of the Covid-19 crisis in the state. Is politics now entering the Covid-19 battle? Watch all the top stories with Vikram Chandra </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/no-water-or-electricity-for-last-6-days---kolkata-residents-hold-protestvideo/video-mqs7qPPPC7R9qSUAQ0QdJJ.html</url>
<title>No water or electricity for last 6 days: Kolkata residents hold protest</title>
<body >Locals in Baghajatin area of Kolkata held protest and demanded restoration of electricity and water. This comes days after Cyclone Amphan rampaged West Bengal. We dont have electricity and water supply for the last six days. We have not yet received any help from the administration, a local said. Around 80 people were killed as Cyclone Amphan battered West Bengal. Centre has now deployed Army teams to help in restoration work. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/sanjay-raut-slams-bjp-mpvideo/video-6uxhb3N6PTpUn4G7S5ygCL.html</url>
<title>Stop dreaming about President rule in Maharashtra: Sanjay Raut slams BJP MP</title>
<body >Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut hit back at BJP MP Narayan Ranes demand for Presidents rule in Maharashtra. Raut also spoke on NCP Chief Sharad Pawar and Maha CM Uddhav Thackerays meeting. Earlier, on May 25, BJP MP Narayan Rane had met Maharashtra Governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari. Rane demanded Presidents Rule over prevailing Covid-19 situation in the state. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/rahul-gandhi-demands-transparency-on-faceoff-with-china--ties-with-nepalvideo/video-Ij6W5H5VqRJJx5O2ZCF8RK.html</url>
<title>Rahul Gandhi demands transparency on faceoff with China  ties with Nepal</title>
<body >Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday said government should give clarity on the standoff with China and border issue with Nepal. What we would like to see is some more transparency on what is going on. It becomes difficult for us to have a position without understanding the facts. I think the government should make it clear to the people of India what exactly is happening on the border, Rahul said. India and China are facing tensions along the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh sector. There have been violent clashes between troops from both the sides in Ladakh and Sikkim. Meanwhile, Nepal also </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/vhse-sslc-exams-resume-in-kerala-adhering-to-covid-guidelinesvideo/video-MXFXHiImtlb6i2dnl9nz4I.html</url>
<title>Watch: VHSE, SSLC exams resume in Kerala adhering to Covid guidelines</title>
<body >Exams of Vocational Higher Secondary Examination (VHSE) and Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) resumed in Kerala. Examinations were suspended due to Covid-19 lockdown. Students stood in queue maintaining social distance. Temperature of all students was checked prior entering exam hall. Students sanitised their hands before appearing for exams as precautionary measure. So far, Kerala has recorded over 300 cases of coronavirus. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/watch-man-kills-wife-by-letting-loose-a-cobra-while-she-slept-arrested/video-I4WEme2pu3UgyDrxhoz5sL.html</url>
<title>Watch: Man kills wife by letting loose a cobra while she slept, arrested</title>
<body >A man allegedly killed his 25-year old wife by letting a cobra bite her in her sleep in Keralas Kollam region. The case came to the fore when the victims parents raised suspicion over her death as this was the second time she was bit by a snake in the last three months. The husband and a snake catcher have now been arrested and they have reportedly confessed to the crime. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/domestic-flight-operations-resume-in-andhra-pradesh-amid-lockdown-40video/video-ITq2vBjKjfdFn9FmEYVYlN.html</url>
<title>Domestic flight operations resume in Andhra Pradesh amid lockdown 4.0</title>
<body >Domestic operation of airlines resumed in Andhra Pradesh on May 26. Flight operations across India except Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal resumed on May 25. Flight services were suspended for about two months due to Covid-19 lockdown. Guidelines were followed by both passengers and airport authorities to prevent Covid spread. Around one third of flights are presently operational amid lockdown 4.0. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/lockdown-40---wedding-ceremony-turns-into-discotheque-with-over-1000-guestsvideo/video-8L79mdQbImJjEJHly1nl8O.html</url>
<title>Lockdown 4.0: Wedding ceremony turns into discotheque with over 1000 guests</title>
<body >A wedding ceremony turned into a discotheque with over 1000 guests amid lockdown 4.0. Incident took place during a wedding ceremony of a government servant in Madhya Pradeshs Alirajpur. Social distancing norms and other precautionary measures went for a toss. Against MHA guidelines, over 1,000 people were present in the ceremony. Crowd was enjoying dance and music keeping aside all the precautions for Covid-19. An FIR has been registered against the family. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/forces-gun-down-2-isjk-terrorists-in-encounter-in-kulgam-j-k/video-OK8QGjFMfDZ3AeEHqsue3L.html</url>
<title>Forces gun down 2 ISJK terrorists in encounter in Kulgam, JK</title>
<body >Two terrorists, reportedly belonging to the ISJK, have been killed in an encounter in Jammu  Kashmirs Kulgam thion Monday. The terrorists have been identified as Adil Ahmed Wani and Shaheen Bashir Thoker, sources said. The encounter was carried out by a joint team of the 34 Rashtriya Rifles, CRPF and JK police. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/mukhtar-abbas-naqvi-offers-namaz-at-home-as-nation-celebrates-eid-ul-fitrvideo/video-QL4a878MjzMldpYqv221VP.html</url>
<title>Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi offers Namaz at home as nation celebrates Eid-Ul-Fitr</title>
<body >Nation is celebrating Eid-Ul-Fitr amid Covid-19 lockdown. People offered prayers at Amritsars Jama Masjid Khairuddin Hall Bazar. Delhis Jama Masjid and Fatehpuri Masjid, however, remained shut for devotees. Delhi Police put up posters wishing people on Eid and highlighting measures to be undertaken during festival. Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi offered Namaz at his residence in Delhi. People in Moradabad and Prayagraj were seen offering Eid Namaz at their homes, on their respective terraces. Eid is being celebrated differently this year as large gatherings have been prohibited. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/watch-crop-eating-locusts-wreak-havoc-in-rajasthan-mp/video-CmjxB9ML7HeCLqGHT8eW0H.html</url>
<title>Watch: Crop-eating locusts wreak havoc in Rajasthan  MP</title>
<body >Crop eating locusts have gone on a rampage in parts of Rajasthan and MP. The swarms of locusts reportedly entered Rajasthan from Pakistan putting crop produce in several northern states of the country in risk. State governments are now devising methods to tackle the menace. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/amid-rising-mercury-rain-winds-bring-relief-in-chandigarh/story-itM14zHOJhn21L3jVjKxbN.html</url>
<title>Amid rising mercury, rain, winds bring relief in Chandigarh</title>
<body >Western disturbances brought relief to Chandigarh on Wednesday after the scorching sun kept the heat on in the previous few days. Even as maximum temperature was recorded at 42.9C, just marginally lower than that the previous day, rain along with winds blowing at speeds up to 25km/hour brought some respite in the evening. At 29.8C, the temperature recorded at 8:30pm was much lower than that recorded at the same time on Tuesday (36C). The India Meteorological Department (IMD), which recorded 0.5mm till 8:30pm, has predicted more relief in form of light showers till the end of the week. According to IMD officials, light rain up to 20mm along with gusty winds blowing at speeds up to 40km/hour and thunder and lightning will be witnessed. Maximum temperature will fall back into the 30s, and if it rains during the day, it can fall as low as 30C, said the weatherman. Maximum temperature went down from 43.1C on Tuesday to 42.9C on Wednesday, four degrees above normal and the seasons second highest. Minimum temperature went up from 25.2C to 25.7C, a notch above normal. In the next three days, maximum temperature will remain between 31 and 39 degrees while minimum will stay between 26 and 27 degrees. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/ssc-geography-score-will-be-the-average-of-marks-of-five-papers/story-NtA2zQUpaXmr2VltgkZxGL.html</url>
<title>SSC Geography score will be the average of marks of five papers</title>
<body > Students who have appeared for their SSC (Class 10) examinations this year will be awarded an average of the marks obtained in the other five subjects for the last paper, Geography, which was cancelled owing to the Covid-19 outbreak, said board officials. The Geography paper was earlier scheduled to take place on March 23. While there is no clarity about when the board will declare results of SSC and HSC exams, an official from the education department said they are likely to be declared by the second week of June The committee constituted to take a decision has decided to award average scores to students for the Geography paper. Marks will be calculated on the basis of the remaining five papers, said Shakuntala Kale, chairperson of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education. In a statement released on Wednesday, the board also announced that marks for work-experience papers for Children with Special Needs, which were also cancelled, will be given as per the average calculated from their remaining papers. The board will consider marks of written exams only when calculating average scores for the cancelled paper. Of the total 600 marks, 480 marks are for written exams and 120 for internal assessments. With the cancellation of 40 marks for Geography, the written total will now be 440. Experts hailed the boards decision and said that it was a practical step. The situation is unprecedented. There was no way to reschedule the exam and giving average marks thus seems like the most logical step. In such cases, the board has to ensure that no student loses out due to its decision and thus this seems like a good move, said Basanti Roy, former secretary of the Mumbai divisional board. It is a good move to consider the marks of only written exams. Most students score well in internals and if an overall average is taken, it might inflate scores of the paper, which was cancelled, said Jagdish Indalkar, principal, KVK School, Ghatkopar. Anya Shelar, a parent, said that the board should have given its decision earlier. If the decision was so simple, it should have been announced earlier. Students had to deal with the additional stress. But we are happy that the board has finally announced it and are now hoping to get the results soon, she added. . </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/some-issues-bound-to-be-there-among-3-allies-nitin-raut/story-U5onAjbRFFbLP6ue2xqFPO.html</url>
<title>Some issues bound to be there among 3 allies: Nitin Raut</title>
<body >Maharashtra minister and Congress leaderNitin Raut has said there is a certain level of dissatisfaction among his party colleagues over a lack of consultation within the state cabinet amid reports of a rift within the states Shiv-Sena-led ruling Maha Vikas Aghadi (MVA) alliance. In an interview with HT , Raut spoke about some proposals of Congress ministers that the cabinet did not clear even as he maintained the coalition government is stable and will last its full term. Edited excerpts: What do you have to say about the reports of the rift? These are all baseless rumours. The government is stable and will last its full five-year term. There is clearly an attempt by the BJP [Bharatiya Janata Party] to destabilise the government but they will miserably fail in their nefarious designs. But there are differences and privately Congress ministers have been complaining about lack of consultations on important matters... When three partners are running a government, some issues are bound to be there. We try to resolve them internally. Though the chief minister [Uddhav Thackeray] talks to us on some matters, we are not completely satisfied. Could you please elaborate? ...the chief minister does consult us but the majority of our proposals are not cleared and not even discussed in the cabinet. Did you discuss this with the chief minister? Yes, we have expressed our unhappiness. Have you conveyed this to your party high command? Naturally Was Rahul Gandhis statement that Congress is not the key decision-maker in Maharashtra an expression of that resentment? What he said is that Congress on its own is in power in Punjab, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, and Puducherry and there we will not shy away from implementing any pro-poor or pro-people scheme. But we are a small partner in Maharashtra and we are not going to dictate terms to our other allies and we will not be able to fulfil all our promises. But that does not mean that Rahulji talked about pulling the government down. He meant the alliance partners should address the shortcomings through consultations. A leader has to keep in mind the interests of his party and the workers. Congress is considered a weak link in the alliance and reports suggest that some of its legislators might even desert the party and pull the plug on the government? Congress has its ideology and identity. All our legislators got elected on the basis of the ideology and its strengths. I do not think BJP will break us. Did you consult NCP [Nationalist Congress Party] chief Sharad Pawar said to be an architect of the alliance? Congress is a national and independent party. We talk to our leaders and we will not go and express our displeasure before leaders of other parties. That will be inappropriate. BJP is demanding Presidents rule in Maharashtra, saying the government has failed in containing the coronavirus in the state, especially Mumbai... We are fighting a war against coronavirus. BJP talks failure in Maharashtra but the highest death rate in the country is in Gujarat. So, will they demand the Presidents rule there? The spike in coronavirus cases in Mumbai is because of the Namaste Trump event as hundreds of people came there from Ahmedabad. There is a conspiracy in destabilising the Maharashtra government. Their dream of toppling the government will never come true. Also, the increase in the Covid cases is because Maharashtra is the only state that has done aggressive testing, and also the recovery rate is much higher than other states. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cong-bjp-spar-over-govt-covid-strategy/story-GAntB92qneKKny2boPb43N.html</url>
<title>Cong, BJP spar over govt Covid strategy</title>
<body >New Delhi: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi interacted with Harvard University professor Ashish Jha and Swedish epidemiologist Johan Giesecke as part of his series of video conversations with thought leaders on the Covid-19 crisis and its consequences on the Indian economy. In their separate interactions with Gandhi, Jha said the lockdown has slowed down the virus spread while Giesecke insisted India will ruin its economy if the severe restrictions continue. The two underlined the pandemic was unlikely to go away soon and called for aggressive testing to contain it. Jha, who heads the Harvard Global Health Institute, said the world will not be free of the problem until 2021. The reason to do the lockdown is that you are trying to slow down the spread of the virus. It is a 12-18 month problem and the world will not be free of this till 2021, Jha said during the interaction, the video of which was released on Wednesday. Giesecke, who believes lockdowns are of no use and eventually most people  will get the virus, said India should have a soft lockdown as more deaths will occur due to severe restrictions than the disease. ...it is better to skip the lockdown, take care of the old and the frail, and let the other people have the infection. Most people will not even be sick. They will not even notice they have it. But if there is a lockdown, Giesecke, a professor emeritus at Stockholms Karolinska Institute and an infectious disease clinician, said,  relaxing it has to be step-wise. You wait 2-3 weeks and see what happens. If the disease spreads, take one step back and try another restriction. ...it will take months to really ease out the lockdown completely. But you must bring one restriction at a time and see what happens. Jha called for the need to create a certain level of confidence while opening up the economy, saying if people are scared, they will not engage in economic activity. He expressed confidence that a vaccine for the disease will be available in a year. Three vaccines from America, China and Oxford are showing promising results and maybe one of them or all turn out to be effective... Gandhi, who has held similar interactions with former Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan and Nobel Laureate Abhijit Banerjee, said there will be a new world after the pandemic and the balance of power between China and the US will change. Like 9/11 was a new chapter, this [Covid-19] is a new book, Gandhi said when Jha asked him how will the virus change the society in two years. I hope this disease will bring people together and bring them to the realisation that you cannot fight this disease as different religions, or different communities, different castes, different genders. Gandhi said there is a potential opportunity in fighting the disease. We are able to start a conversation and understand that everybody is required to fight this disease and we are able to work together to get out of this. Jha said the world is entering an age of pandemics and added there has been an increasing frequency of these outbreaks over the last century. This one [Covid-19] is the worst in 100 years. I am confident that this is not the last large global pandemic... in the next 20 years. Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad separately hit out at Gandhi and accused him of trying to weaken the countrys resolve to fight the challenge. Ravi added Gandhis campaign is based on falsehood, deliberate twisting of facts and misinterpretation. He added if anyone has better solutions to offer, the government is willing to look into them. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/maha-records-over-100-covid-deaths-in-a-day-tally-56-948/story-oHIqAIwfvxuzexyGx8qi0L.html</url>
<title>Maha records over 100 Covid deaths in a day; tally 56,948</title>
<body > Maharashtra on Wednesday recorded 2,190 Covid-19 cases and in a grim first, more than 100 virus deaths in a day. The states toll went up to 1,897 with 105 fatalities, while the case tally stands at 56,948. Of the cases, 37,125 are active ones, which come to 65.19% of the total, according to the state health department. However, even as cases continued to increase, the state government is planning to give further relaxations from June 1. It is likely to adopt a trial-and-error-method to deal with the situation as the number of cases have started rising in the districts with fewer cases after travel restrictions were relaxed. It is also deliberating on what to do in the red zones. Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray hinted that further relaxations could be given, but it could be done on a trial basis to gauge the response of the people. The state has recorded its highest single-day figure for deaths on two consecutive days. It had recorded 97 fatalities on Tuesday. Of Wednesdays deaths, 32 were in Mumbai, 16 in Thane, 10 in Jalgaon, nine in Pune, seven each in Navi Mumbai and Raigad, six in Akola, four in Aurangabad, three each in Nashik and Solapur, two in Satara and one each in Virar, Panvel, Ahmednagar, Nagpur and Nandurbar. Also, a patient from Gujarat died in Mumbai. Of the deaths, 50 were above 60 years of age, while 45 were in the age group of 40 to 59 years and the remaining 10 were below the age of 40 years. Of the deceased, 66 had high-risk co-morbidities, including diabetes, hypertension and heart ailments, health officials said. The state has also recorded over 2,000 new infections for the tenth day in a row since May 17. On May 24, it had reported 3,041 cases. Meanwhile, Mumbai also reported 1,044 new cases on Wednesday. With this, the tally of the city has reached 34,018 cases. Of them, 24,507 are active cases. On May 22, Mumbai had reported 1,751 cases  its highest one-day figure. Thackeray, who held a meeting with divisional commissioners, district collectors and municipal commissioners, took a cautious approach with regard to lifting the lockdown as according to him, it would not be correct to lift it in one go. Thackeray told district officials to tighten measures as cases in districts that did not have any new patients have started reporting them after travel relaxations were provided. Thackeray said that while the state is reviving the economy, following up on measures to combat Covid-19 should be done with additional seriousness. We are gradually lifting relaxation and it would not be correct to lift it in one go. Despite taking precautions, the patient count has increased due to people who were allowed to travel while relaxing the lockdown it should be done on a trial basis. The people should have a clear idea of which services have been reopened. It should be made clear that if the rules and conditions are not followed, there would be a need to reintroduce the lockdown, a note from the CMO stated. The state also completed 65 days of lockdown that was imposed from midnight of March 23, a day before the nationwide lockdown imposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. It was partially lifted on April 20 in the areas where there are no cases or have minimal cases. Water resources minister Jayannt Patil also said that they are considering to give more relaxations in areas that are outside red zones. We will be reviewing the situation by May 29 or 30. The state will also have to consider the decision taken by the Central government on lockdown. Only after that a decision can be taken. However, the state government may give more relaxations in areas where there are no Covid-19 patients (non-red zones) except red zones, he said. The state government is also expecting a surge in cases as lockdown curbs are lifted after May 31, the last day of lockdown 4.0. Chief secretary Ajoy Mehta on Tuesday has stated that while the state expects cases to surge after lockdown curbs are lifted, the government is planning graded relaxations. There will be a surge in positive cases after relaxations are given. We are planning to ease restrictions in phases and in a calibrated manner to avoid a sudden surge. The lifting of curbs will be announced in stages. Health infrastructure is being ramped up to ensure that cases can be handled effectively, said Mehta. The lifting of the lockdown policy has been well thought through The relaxations will be announced in advance to avoid panic, he added. Though the past two days saw a decline in cases, data shows that the state is still getting over 2,000 since the past ten days, except on May 24. On May 17, there were 2,347 cases. May 18 had 2,033 new infections, May 19 had 2,127, May 20 saw 2,250, May 21 had 2,345, May 22 saw 2,940 and on May 23 there were 2,608 cases. 2,436 and 2,091 cases were reported on May 25 and May 26 respectively. While on May 24, it reported 3041 cases. In May, the state has recorded over 46,616 cases, which means around 81.85% of the total 56,948 cases have been reported in this month alone. Except the last two days, the trend shows that the fresh cases of Covid-19 were soaring to a new level after every 10 to 15 days. For instance, between April 19 and 30, the fresh cases were in a range of 500 per day, but from May 1 it started rising and from May 6 to 16, the fresh cases were in the range of 1,000-2,000. From May 17, it again crossed the 2,000 mark and since the past 11 days, new cases are in a range of 2,000-3,000 cases per day. In the past 22 days, the state has recorded 38,589 cases, which means on an average, it is getting over 1,700 fresh cases daily. In May (past 27 days) alone, the state has reported as many as 46,616 cases whereas the total number of cases registered in April was 10,201. The first case of coronavirus was reported on March 9 and it took 30 days for the state to cross the 1,000 mark. For the first 10,000 cases, it took 53 days. The water resources minister also said the state has handled the situation very well and in Mumbai, it is likely to come under control in the next 15 days. We have handled the situation very well. The Centres team (that was in Mumbai in April) had predicted that by May-end, the state would be having around 1.25 lakh cases. But the state could manage to control it and by the end of this month, it is likely to reach 60,000. This is due to proper planning and effective management done by the state, Patil said on Wednesday. Coming on to the fact that Mumbai has 34,018 cases, he said that no city in the country can be compared with Mumbai as it is so densely populated. The density here is 73,000 people per square mile. Now, only dense population areas are experiencing a rise in cases, but in the next 15-20 days, we will be able to control the situation in a better way, the water resources minister said a press conference. The mortality rate of the state has come down to 3.27% (1792 deaths) on Tuesday, from 7.41% (148 cases) on April 13. However, it continued to be higher than the national mortality rate of 2.86% (4,337 deaths) till Tuesday, stated the data of the state medical education department. However, 1,438 deaths were also recorded in this month. Patil said they also audit every Covid-19 death. We have independent teams in Mumbai, Pune and a separate team for the rest of the state to audit the reason behind each and every death. We laid a clinical management team of specialist with the help of which, we will able to decline the mortality rate, he said. Health department officials said the doubling rate of cases has increased to 14.7 days. It was 11.5 days till last week. The number of recoveries in the state has also jumped to 17,918 as 964 patients recovered on Wednesday. The recovery rate is 31.5%, said a health official The health department also declared to have conducted 4,03,976 tests at various public and private facilities across Maharashtra. Of them, 3,47,028 people tested negative. It is 12.4% of the total tests conducted across the country  32,42,160  said an official. State currently has 2,684 active containment zones. A total of 17,119 survey teams, comprising doctors and assisting staff, have screened more than 68.06 lakh people. So far, 37,761 people have been kept in institutional quarantine in the state and over 5,82,701 people have been put under home quarantine. Of the states 36 districts, Gadchiroli was the only one that was not having a single case till May 18. However, some migrant workers, who returned to the district from Mumbai, tested positive and now the cases there have increased to 25 from five cases. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/26-11-hero-who-was-rescued-from-footpath-dies/story-QW7uB0o2DAzSHhxLJdmdcP.html</url>
<title>26/11 hero who was rescued from Mumbai footpath dies</title>
<body > Days after being rescued from a footpath in Chinchpokli, Harishchandra Shrivardhankar, 60, a key witness who had identified terrorist Ajmal Kasab during the 26/11 terror attacks trial, died at his home in Kalyans Yogidham area on Tuesday around 8.30pm. Shrivardhankar, a then government employee, had braved two bullets on his back and according to an HT report in 2010, was one of the main witnesses who deposed before the special court. Shrivardhankar was injured in the firing by Kasab and his accomplice, Abu Ismail, outside Cama and Albless Hospital. He had even got into a scuffle with Ismail and had hit him with his office bag. HT had reported on May 5 how Shrivardhankar, who was found lying helpless on the footpath near a shop at Saat Rasta on April 29, and was reunited with his family by the store owner, Dean DSouza, and his friends on May 1. He had been missing for two months and his family had filed a missing persons complaint. DSouza had said, I had found him lying in a bad condition near my shop. When I approached him, he couldnt talk and was just mumbling a few words. Even if we gave him food, he would not eat it. After a lot of effort, DSouza found his [Shrivardhankars] brother, who lives in Mahalaxmi. He gave us further details about his son, who stays in Kalyan, Timothy Gaikwad, a school friend of DSouza and who runs an organisation, IMCares, which helps the destitute, had said. In Kalyan, Shrivardhankar was taken to a private hospital for treatment by local corporator Daya Gaikwad. Former chief minister Devendra Fadnavis had checked on his medical condition at a private hospital in Kalyan and also announced on May 12 that the BJP would provide 10 lakh to his family. He is survived by his wife, two sons and daughters- in-law. He will be always remembered for his bravery, said Daya Gaikwad. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/governments-pass-the-buck-migrants-suffer/story-ebwXyZviXhR48NCXHsdAeM.html</url>
<title>Governments pass the buck, migrants suffer</title>
<body >Migrants waiting to reach home had to bear the brunt of the blame game between the state and Central governments over arrangements for Shramik trains. While thousands of migrant workers waited outside various railway stations starting from Tuesday evening in the hope for trains, the ones who managed to board stayed without food or water. Railways minister Piyush Goyal lashed out at the state on Tuesday, accusing the Maharashtra government of not being able to run trains for lack of administrative arrangement, despite the state notifying 147 trains. He said the state had failed to help the migrants reach the stations and provide actual lists of their names. Minorities development minister Nawab Malik on Wednesday retorted saying: They had notified 49 trains for Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, while the divisional railway manager told us that they cannot run more than 16 trains in a day. We had mobilised thousands of migrants at LTT. Thirty-five trains were released after we forced the railway administration in Mumbai. The minister is just blaming us to defame us, but he should first take reports from his regional offices. The migrant workers along with their families in the city were seen waiting in queues outside the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus (CSMT), Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT), Vasai and Thane railway stations on Tuesday after the Railways announced operation of 145 Shramik trains . The Railways, however, operated close to 53 trains by midnight, citing fewer passenger arrivals. Migrants who were stranded outside railway stations in the city took to social media to complain. @PiyushGoyal respected sir. I am stranded in Mumbai, Vasai. Yesterday the administration called us for a train. Today we went to their station and now the official told us that there were no trains. This is the second time they did it to us, tweeted @Nandini16878608. The workers who managed to board the Shramik trains also stated that no food or water was provided to them. We boarded the train from LTT station on Tuesday night and are going towards Azamgarh railway station. No food or water provided to us. We are a family of 12. I tweeted about the non-availability of water. At Itarsi railway station on Wednesday afternoon, khichdi and water bottles were given to us. However after that no food or water was provided. We have now reached Jhansi, said Rajkamal who worked as a computer engineer in Kurla. We were ready to operate 145 trains and had the trains planned. There was a delay in passenger arrival to railway stations which resulted in crowding outside railway stations. Trains were operated late night on Tuesday to accommodate passengers, said a railway official who did not want to be named. On Wednesday, the Railways, including Central, Western, Konkan and South Central railway divisions, operated 40 Shramik trains from Maharashtra. The trains were operated to Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Orissa, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Uttarakhand and Kerala. Transport minister and Shiv Sena leader Anil Parab said the state government had demanded 178 trains over the period of next one week, but it doesnt mean the railways should send them all on a single day. Home minister Anil Deshmukh alleged on Tuesday night that the ministry sent 34 Shramik trains to Maharashtra to ferry migrants to West Bengal, despite the West Bengal government requesting not to do so till May 26 in the wake of Cyclone Amphan. WB chief secretary Rajiv Sinha had written such a letter to the Rail Ministry on May 22, despite which 34 trains were sent to Maharashtra. Now, Goyal is blaming Maharashtra for not departing the railways notified to originate from our state, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/plea-in-sc-seeks-cbi-probe-into-lapses-resulting-in-gatherings-at-markaz-and-anand-vihar-isbt/story-V37wwNjczMFABtP5W3ikvJ.html</url>
<title>Plea in SC seeks CBI probe into lapses resulting in gatherings at Markaz and Anand Vihar ISBT</title>
<body >The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought the response of central and Delhi governments on a plea seeking CBI probe into the alleged lapses by the Delhi government and Delhi police which led to the congregation at Tablighi Jamat Markaz in Nizamuddin and migrant workers at Anand Vihar bus terminal in Delhi. The petitioner, Supriya Pandita alleged that the Delhi police failed to arrest Nizamuddin Markaz chief Maulana Saad who organised the religious event in March, resulting in a surge in the spread of coronavirus across the country. The petition also sought a probe into the gathering of migrant labourers at Anand Vihar Inter-State Bus Terminal in New Delhi on March 28. Thousands of migrant workers hailing from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar had gathered at the bus terminal situated on the eastern border of Delhi in a bid to board buses to their home states. At the request of Mr. Tushar Mehta, learned Solicitor General appearing for Union of India, list the matter next week to enable him to file reply affidavit, the top court said in its order. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/15-more-charge-sheets-against-292-foreign-nationals-of-tablighi-jamaat/story-ZTguB3avbGiW9fHrwVZWlO.html</url>
<title>15 more charge sheets against 292 foreign nationals of Tablighi Jamaat</title>
<body >A day after 20 charge sheets were filed against 82 foreigners who are members of the Tablighi Jamaat, Delhi Police on Wednesday submitted 15 charge sheets indicting 292 more for violation of visa conditions, lockdown rules, spreading Covid-19  and breaking quarantine rules under different sections of the Foreigners Act, the Epidemic Disease Act and IPC. Police said the accused attended a religious congregation at the Markaz, the headquarters of the Tableeghi Jamaat in Nizamuddin, in March. Now, the total number of foreigners chargesheeted in the case has risen to 374 in two days. The police have said that more than 900 people from 34 countries had arrived in India on a tourist visa or e-visa but illegally indulged in missionary activities and attended the religious congregation, violating their visa rules. The 15 charge sheets, comprising 13,070 pages, were filed before the duty magistrate at theSaket district court who posted the matter for June 17. Of the 292 foreigners chargesheeted on Wednesday, 80 each are from Bangladesh and Malaysia while 44 and 39 are from Myanmar and Thailand respectively. The others are from countries such as Nepal, Sri Lanka, Kenya, Mali, Nigeria, Tanzania, and South Africa, etc. Senior crime branch officers said that the 292 foreigners belong to 14 different countries. They have all been booked under Section 14 (b) of the Foreigners Act, Section 3 of the Epidemic Disease Act, Section 51 of the Disaster Management Act and four sections (188, 269, 270 and 271) of the Indian Penal Code for violating visa conditions, lockdown rules, spreading the virus, and breaking quarantine rules, the police said in the statement. The punishment for various offences under the penal provisions ranges from six months to eight years of imprisonment. The visas of all the 374 foreigners have been cancelled by the Central government and they have also been blacklisted for attending religious congregations posing as tourists, Delhi Police spokesperson Mandeep Singh Randhawa said. A senior investigator, who requested anonymity, said that of the 900-odd foreigners who illegally attended the congregation, the passports of only 723 have been recovered so far. The identity cards of 23 people from Nepal have also been seized by the investigating team, he said. There are nearly 200 foreigners whose passport and other documents related to their arrival and stay in India are yet to be found. All these foreigners are staying in various quarantine centres in Delhi. We have been making efforts to recover their passports, the investigators said. Crime branch officials said that more charge sheets will be filed against in the coming days. In the last week of March, the police and health officials had evacuated around 2,500 persons from inside the Markaz. The building was also sealed after at least 21 Tablighi Jamaat members tested positive for Covid-19. The Tablighi Jamaat in its statement then had said that its members were trapped inside the building during the nationwide lockdown because there was no conveyance available. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/four-furnaces-down-delhi-crematoria-unable-to-handle-bodies-coming-in/story-Vd2I65JT6AnvGZUaZ36kYK.html</url>
<title>Four furnaces down, Delhi crematoria unable to handle bodies coming in</title>
<body >Inside the Covid-19 mortuary of the Lok Nayak Hospital, there are 108 bodies. All 80 storage racks are full  and there are 28 bodies on the floor,  piled on top of each other, officials at the mortuary said. On Tuesday, eight bodies were returned from the Nigambodh Ghat CNG crematorium because the facility was  in no position to accept more bodies for disposal. Only two of  its six furnaces were working. Lok Nayak Hospital is the largest dedicated Covid-19 hospital in the city, and its mortuary is the repository of bodies of those who died of the coronavirus disease or are suspected to have died of it. The bodies are wrapped in personal protection  (PPE) kits and handled by employees wearing PPE suits. As many as 602 of the total 2,242 Covid-19 patients who are in hospital care across 16 hospitals in Delhi are admitted in the facility, which is  not admitting any  non-Covid cases at this time. As the number of Covid-19 cases and deaths toll mount in the capital,  the hospitals employees are overwhelmed. Delhi reported 792 coronavirus infections on Wednesday, taking the citys tally to 15,257 since the first Covid-19 case was reported on March 2; 15  more deaths took the toll to 303. A hospital official described the scene in the mortuary. We are yet to cremate the bodies of those who died five days ago, the official said on condition of anonymity. The backlog of such cases is increasing every day. Wearing PPE suits, we stand in the sun in this heat outside the crematorium only to be told in the evening that they cannot accept the bodies. Today there are 28 bodies on the floor lying next to each other or piled on top of each other. Last week, there were 34 . At the Nigambodh Ghat electric crematorium, three of the six CNG furnaces were working until Monday;  one of them developed a snag the same night. We could not take the load and hence returned the bodies. On Tuesday, even after working extra hours, we only accepted 15 bodies, an official at the crematorium said, pointing to a board that contained details of the 15 bodies from across different city hospitals that were accepted Caught unprepared On Tuesday afternoon, when an HT team visited  Nigambodh Ghat,  workers were rebuilding the three damaged furnaces. Another group of workers was at work on the fourth. The workers  said it would take at least two months to rebuild the three damaged chambers. The crematorium has received the bodies of at least 244 Covid-19 or suspected Covid-19 patients till date. We have fixed the third furnace and it is working now, said Suman Gupta of the Nigambodh Ghat Sanchalan Samiti, the trust that manages the crematorium. Nobody was prepared for the surge of bodies related to Covid-19. Until the coronavirus pandemic, we got only 4-5 cases a day. We had to request people to come and use the CNG crematorium. The three defunct machines  malfunctioned three to four  months ago and it wasnt a problem then. Ours is not a commercial business. Last week, we finally managed to convince the government to give us the money to fix the three furnaces. Work is on. North Delhi Municipal Corporation has received   1.3 crore from Indraprastha Gas Limited (IGL) to repair the damaged CNG-based cremation furnaces at Nigambodh Ghat. One official at the Nigambodh Ghat crematorium said that even an extension of the daily shift hasnt  helped. Before the pandemic, the crematorium operated between 9 am and 4 pm. Now it opens at 7 am and shuts operation at 10 pm. Even this is not helping. The workers need at least two hours to dispose a body. Collecting the ashes takes time. We are also helpless, the official said. Bodies of  Covid-19 patients and suspected Covid-19 patients are being taken to the electric crematoriums at Nigambodh Ghat and Punjabi Bagh. At Punjabi Bagh, there are two furnaces. Besides these, four burial grounds for Muslim and Christians have been approved in the Income Tax Office area, Mangolpuri, Madanpur Khadar and Shastri Park. The backlog in disposal of bodies has been caused by non-functioning furnaces at the crematorium, said Dr Suresh Kumar, director of Lok Nayak Hospital . We had problems until about five days ago. Now it is being sorted. We have space to keep the bodies. The bodies are also being sent to other crematoriums, he said. Cremation using wood North Delhi Municipal Corporations deputy commissioner and spokesperson  Ira Singhal said the civic agency has now received ordersto cremate bodies using wood as well. Still, the order signed by the municipal health officer said CNG and electric crematoriums were preferable. The order has been issued so that the number of pending bodies for cremation could be cleared. We are making all efforts to tackle the problem. The three CNG furnaces were working but for the last two days, one  developed a problem. The furnace is being repaired. We may be able to use it from tomorrow (Thursday), she said. Singhal said: The cremation using wood  is also safe. The CNG method was adopted because there was less physical contact with the body. It is safe and adopted by other countries abroad too. With a large number of bodies being sent to Nigambodh Ghat for last rites, the Delhi government has also posted six officials from the health department to ensure that people follow  norms such as physical distancing and other guidelines while the cremation is performed. Utmost precautions are being taken in disposing the bodies, one worker at Nigambodh  Ghat said. The bodies come wrapped in PPE suits. No one is allowed to open the suit. A worker at the furnace and one from the hospital put it in the furnace without removing the suit. We follow this process for all positive as well as suspected cases, said Vishal, a worker at the Nigambodh Ghat Sanchalan Samiti. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/civil-supplies-dept-told-to-restart-doorstep-delivery-of-ration/story-R1ni4oMqheNeLLNVeOhNVO.html</url>
<title>Civil supplies dept told to restart doorstep delivery of ration</title>
<body >Chief minister Arvind Kejriwal has directed the food and civil supplies department to restart the Delhi governments flagship project of doorstep delivery of ration using electronic point of sale (e-PoS) devices. The direction came after Union food minister Ram Vilas Paswan wrote to Kejriwal, urging Delhi to implement the Centres one nation, one ration card policy. Paswan, in his letter dated May 23, had explained that the inclusion of the national capital in the scheme would mean that 71 lakh ration card holders of Delhi will be able to get their monthly ration from any fair price shop in the country. Using e-PoS devices is key to both the one nation, one ration policy and the doorstep delivery of ration, a senior government official said. As per the plan, e-PoS devices are to be given to all the 2,028 fair price shops in Delhi and also to agents who would deliver the monthly ration to the doorstep of card holders. The process includes entering the ration card number into the device, followed by the biometric (fingerprint scanning) of the beneficiary or entering the Aadhaar card details. Once the details are matched with the database, the ration is disbursed to the beneficiary. I want to point out that Delhi, despite having 100% Aadhaar seeding of its ration card holders and having e-PoS devices in its fair price shops, is not disbursing ration based on biometrics. This is because the Delhi government has stopped the usage of e-PoS for ration distribution from April 2018. This was to be resumed by the Delhi government, but the same has not happened till now, Paswans letter in Hindi said. Responding to this, the chief ministers office directed additional chief secretary (home) Satya Gopal, who is the nodal officer for Covid in Delhi, to ensure implementation of doorstep delivery of ration through e-POS. Following the directions, we have sent all our e-PoS machines to Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL) for its health check since they have not been in use for a long time. There were also some software glitches that we were facing which has been resolved now, said a senior government official on condition of anonymity. 32 LAKH E-COUPONS ISSUED Delhis food and civil supplies department has managed to issue at least one round of ration to over 1 crore people since April, government reports showed. The 71 lakh ration card holders have already received two rounds of free enhanced ration. For non-ration card holders, the department has disbursed dry ration to over 32 lakh people in two rounds so far. In the second round, which began from May 18, we provided the CM relief kits to beneficiaries, a senior government official said. The government also has a third tier for those who do not have ration cards or Aadhaar cards, which is the emergency food relief coupons that are being disbursed by MLAs and MPs of Delhi. We have completed one round of disbursing ration through these emergency coupons and these covered 1.74 lakh beneficiaries. Printing of coupons for the second round is currently underway. This time, we will have colour coded coupons with barcodes, a second official said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-bihar-closes-in-on-3-000-mark-capital-patna-worst-hit/story-aWV7kWzo34sHYeqoC2vh7L.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: Bihar closes in on 3,000-mark, capital Patna worst hit</title>
<body >The total number of coronavirus disease cases in Bihar rose to 2,968 after 231 fresh cases were reported on Tuesday. The disease has claimed 15 lives in the state so far. Patna is the worst-affected district in the state. It reported six fresh cases which took its tally to 217. Among those testing positive, four were personnel of the Bihar Military Police. The second worst-hit district, Rohtas, saw a sudden spurt in the number of Covid-19 cases. It reported 35 cases in a day, and its tally breached the 200-mark. Those testing positive in the district, which has reported a total of 201 cases, included four children under five years of age, the youngest being a one-year-old boy, according to figures made available by the state health department. A boy and a girl, both a year-old, were among 31 people testing positive in the remote north Bihar district of Madhubani, which now ranks third with 176 cases. Significant numbers of cases were also reported from districts like Darbhanga, Banka, Sheikhpura and Kishanganj. In addition to the three worst-affected districts, Begusarai, Munger, Khagaria, Katihar, Buxar and Jehanabad have tallies in three digits. None of the 38 districts in the state has a tally below 10. The latest casualty due to Covid-19 in the state is a 40-year-old man from Nalanda district, who died at a hospital in Pawapuri. He had tested positive for the disease, civil surgeon Ram Singh said on Tuesday. The man had come from Noida on May 20 and and was admitted to a local hospital. He died four days later. Singh said that the deceased had been lodged at a quarantine centre in Bihar Sharif, the district headquarter town, but was rushed to the Pawapuri-based facility upon developing severe symptoms of fever and cough. The results triggered panic in the area with family members refusing to attend the funeral, which was conducted by the administration. The other districts reporting casualties are Patna, Vaishali, Khagaria, Rohtas, East Champaran, Munger, Sitamarhi, Saran and Siwan. The state health department said that 800 people have so far recovered from Covid-19. The migrant workers returning to Bihar from various parts of the country comprise a major chunk of those testing positive, the state administration said. According to Anupam Kumar, Secretary for Information and Public Relations Department, 15.41 lakh migrant workers have come back to Bihar during the lockdown by 1,026 Shramik Specials so far and another 5.29 lakh are scheduled to arrive soon in 321 special trains. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-son-abram-steals-the-show-in-live-performance-tells-dad-to-stop-singing-papa-enough-now/story-AejMQa79RaQ15maOABlGAO.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans son AbRam steals the show in musical performance, tells dad to stop singing: Papa enough now</title>
<body >Actor Shah Rukh Khan treated his fans to a special musical number during Sundays I for India online concert, held in support of frontline workers during the coronavirus pandemic. Shah Rukh was joined by son AbRam during his performance, much to the delight of his fans. Everybody who knows me knows that I cannot sing to save my life. So thank you for taking a chance on me, everybody. But thats what life is about, its about good chances, hope, kindness and compassion and thats what we are here to do on this platform to share love and compassion in whatever way we can, Shah Rukh said in a video, shared by him on Twitter. Extremely grateful to #IforIndia, @Its_Badshah  @cacklerraj for music, lyrics  for working overnight. Thanks Sunil for the edit. All so that I could sing. Ab bhai,lockdown mein mujhe gaate hue bhi jhelna padhega. AbRam is saying 'papa enough now! Par Sab Sahi Ho Jaayega! pic.twitter.com/T7eLzBuC9Q Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) May 3, 2020 Extremely grateful to #IforIndia, @Its_Badshah  @cacklerraj for music, lyrics  for working overnight. Thanks Sunil for the edit. All so that I could sing. Ab bhai,lockdown mein mujhe gaate hue bhi jhelna padhega. AbRam is saying 'papa enough now! Par Sab Sahi Ho Jaayega! pic.twitter.com/T7eLzBuC9Q The actor performed a special version of the song Bella Ciao -- originally featured in Money Heist, composed by rapper Badshah and written by Sainee Raj. Titled Sab Sahi Ho Jayega, the song is about the effects of the lockdown, and how things will eventually get better. Shah Rukh shared the video with the caption, Extremely grateful to #IforIndia, @Its_Badshah  @cacklerraj for music, lyrics  for working overnight. Thanks Sunil for the edit. All so that I could sing. Ab bhai,lockdown mein mujhe gaate hue bhi jhelna padhega. AbRam is saying papa enough now! Par Sab Sahi Ho Jaayega! In the video, Shah Rukh performs the song at his home, and is joined by AbRam. The two dance together, and Shah Rukh gives AbRam a hug and kiss. But the video ends with AbRam telling his dad, Papa enough now. Shah Rukhs fans lapped up the video. If SRK says Sab Sahi Ho Jaayega! toh definitely sab sahi ho jaayega. Thank you @iamsrk for this wonderful message filled with hope and happiness. We love you, one fan wrote. You and Abram are so cute in this song, wrote another. Also read: Aishwarya Rais daughter Aaradhya draws her family, frontline workers in sweet tribute. See here Tens of thousands of viewers watched more than 70 of the country's biggest celebrities -- including cricket captain Virat Kohli, Priyanka Chopra, Shah Rukh, Aamir Khan, Hrithik Roshan and others -- as well as international names such as actor Will Smith and rock legend Mick Jagger in the concert, streamed on Facebook. They have raised Rs 3.7 crore so far. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 04, 2020 11:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-son-abram-poses-like-a-pro-in-photoshoot-mom-gauri-says-guessing-he-loves-the-camera/story-MRVxbquBlGYu3aayUsOkvL.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans son AbRam poses like a pro in photoshoot, mom Gauri says Guessing he loves the camera</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khans fans would be glad to know that his gorgeous genes and cute smile have been passed on to his younger son AbRam. The actors wife and interior designer Gauri Khan shared a bunch of pictures from a recent photoshoot of their son and they have taken over the internet. Taking to Instagram, Gauri shared multiple pictures of AbRam from what appears to be his first-ever solo photoshoot. He is seen posing like a professional model, complete with a swagger in his walk and a lovely smile to draw your attention. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:54pm PST A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:54pm PST Guessing he loves the camera!!!!, the proud mum captioned the pictures. In the photos, AbRam is seen wearing white T-shirts, black camo jacket, black jeans and ankle-high boots. Gauris friends and other Bollywood celebs showered AbRam with compliments in the comments section. OMG, wrote actor Ananya Panday, while Karisma Kapoor, Manish Malhotra, Neelam Kothari and others shared heart emojis. View this post on Instagram           Guessing he loves the camera !!! A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:55pm PST Guessing he loves the camera !!! A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:55pm PST Shah Rukhs fans could recognise similarities between the superstar and his son. #ShahRukhKhanback with his childhood, wrote one. He has papas style too! Look at that swag, wrote another. Omg lil prince so cuteee so hndsome, commented another fan. Abram is six years old and Shah Rukh-Gauris third child after 22-year-old son Aryan and 19-year-old daughter Suhana. He recently earned a lot of love for his starry airs at a party earlier this month. Also read:Varun Dhawan confesses he had a crush on Shraddha Kapoor, presents her with a rose onstage. Watch In the Instagram video, AbRam was seen sitting inside a luxury car, leaving the party. As the car tries to move out and the waiting paparazzi closes in to get a picture of him, AbRam is seen authoritatively gesturing at the photographers to clear the way and let the car pass. Not long ago, at the seventh birthday of Aishwarya Rai and Abhishek Bachchans daughter Aaradhya, AbRam was seen shouting at waiting photographers, saying: No pictures! View this post on Instagram           Squeezing memories into one frame... A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Nov 3, 2019 at 7:10pm PST Squeezing memories into one frame... A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Nov 3, 2019 at 7:10pm PST Shah Rukh recently said that he believes AbRam still doesnt relate to the fandom he enjoys, and so he plans to play a good character in a commercial film to make his youngest child understand the reason for peoples love. Shah Rukh shared a conversation he had with his elder son Aryan last year. When they (Aryan and Suhana) were growing up, they saw Baazigar and Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, but AbRam should get a good character in commercial film that after watching it, he would feel that his father is a big star. Aryan said that in the next three-four years I should make such a great film that AbRam knows why so many people love me. I will work very hard to make sure I can have some new characters, he had said during an interaction with his fans on his birthday in November. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 26, 2019 13:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-son-abram-wins-gold-medal-for-taekwondo-actor-says-my-kids-have-more-awards-than-i-have/story-2kf0inbY094pTm8gBWnY0O.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans son AbRam wins gold medal for Taekwondo, actor says my kids have more awards than I have</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khan shared on Twitter that his youngest child AbRam has made him proud yet again, this time by winning a gold medal in Taekwondo. The actor shared pictures of his son from the match in which the six-year-old can be seen posing with his gold medal. You train...u fight...u succeed. Then do it all over again. I think with this medal, my kids have more awards than I have. Its a good thing...now I need to train more! Proud and inspired! he wrote. You train...u fight...u succeed. Then do it all over again. I think with this medal, my kids have more awards than I have. Its a good thing...now I need to train more! Proud and inspired! pic.twitter.com/pyHvJ1WVts Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) February 9, 2020 You train...u fight...u succeed. Then do it all over again. I think with this medal, my kids have more awards than I have. Its a good thing...now I need to train more! Proud and inspired! pic.twitter.com/pyHvJ1WVts Not just AbRam, his siblings Aryan and Suhana are trained in Taekwondo. All three have been trained in the martial art by Kiran Upadhyay. Last year, Shah Rukh proudly announced that AbRam graduated to yellow belt in Taekwondo. Sharing a collage of his three children, he wrote, Keeping up the tradition of Tae Khan Doh in the family, the latest entrant to the Kiran Teacher ( @care141 )Fight Club. Yellow belt it is... Keeping up the tradition of Tae Khan Doh in the family, the latest entrant to the Kiran Teacher ( @care141 )Fight Club. Yellow belt it is... pic.twitter.com/o8Ie7T2Hso Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) August 26, 2019 Keeping up the tradition of Tae Khan Doh in the family, the latest entrant to the Kiran Teacher ( @care141 )Fight Club. Yellow belt it is... pic.twitter.com/o8Ie7T2Hso Both Aryan and Suhana won gold medals at the Maharashtra Taekwondo competition in 2010. Even Shah Rukh was conferred with an honorary fifth-degree black belt in Taekwondo by the South Korean government. However, he is not trained in the martial art. Also read|Vicky Kaushal on link-up rumours with Katrina Kaif: There is no story at all Last month, AbRam won two medals  one silver and one bronze medal  at his school sports day. Shah Rukh shared the news of his achievement on Twitter by posting a picture collage, in which he is seen posing with his medals and certificate. Day at the Races...My little Gold Medal with his Silver and Bronze wins at the races today!! Shah Rukh wrote. Day at the Races...My little Gold Medal with his Silver and Bronze wins at the races today!! pic.twitter.com/1k9NqjB65J Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) January 17, 2020 Day at the Races...My little Gold Medal with his Silver and Bronze wins at the races today!! pic.twitter.com/1k9NqjB65J Meanwhile, Shah Rukh is yet to announce his next project as an actor, after the box office debacle, Zero. Recently, director duo Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK, popularly known as Raj  DK, revealed that they were in talks with him for one of their upcoming projects. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 09, 2020 16:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/riteish-deshmukh-imagines-hugging-late-father-vilasrao-deshmukh-in-heartbreaking-video-watch/story-G72HWd5DjAffj9AR44yl3I.html</url>
<title>Riteish Deshmukh imagines hugging late father Vilasrao Deshmukh in heartbreaking video. Watch</title>
<body >Riteish Deshmukh has taken TikTok by a storm with his candid videos on the video sharing website. However, the actor left his followers emotional when he shared a heartbreaking video in the memory of his father and former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh on his 75th birth anniversary. Sharing the video on Instagram, Riteish wrote, Happy Birthday PAPPA..... Miss you everyday!! #vilasraodeshmukh75. The actor is seen looking at his fathers clothes on a hanger. He puts his hand through a sleeve of the kurta and embraces himself. The emotional song Abhi Mujh Mein Kahin from 2012 film Agneepath plays in the background. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Riteish Deshmukh (@riteishd) on May 25, 2020 at 9:27pm PDT A post shared by Riteish Deshmukh (@riteishd) on May 25, 2020 at 9:27pm PDT His industry friends were moved by the video. Abhishek Bachchan reacted with a hands joined in prayer, a heart and a hug emoji. Aftab Shivdasani wrote, So lovely brother, God bless him and your family. Riteishs brother Dhiraj also commented, Miss you Pappa. His wife Deepshikha also wrote, Miss you papa. Riteish was also flooded with messages from several of his fathers colleagues and industry friends on Twitter. Cricketer Harbhajan Singh wrote to him, He is with you every moment brother. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch Actor-turned-politician Shatrughan Sinha wrote, Prayers  tributes to the two time frm CM, Maharashtra,  frm Union Cabinet minister, our very dear friend, late  great #VilasraoDeshmukh on his birth anniversary. He was a true son of the soil  an able administrator, having held several portfolios effectively. Riteish tweeted in response to him, Dearest Sir, @ShatruganSinha your words mean a lot to us. My father was extremely fond of you and always valued your opinion. He used to fondly tell me the days spent in Pune in late 60s/70s. Love  respect to you. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/mandana-karimi-busts-rumours-that-she-has-coronavirus-in-instagram-live-guys-educate-yourselves/story-s126Eb3XUCckBMuoIKmK4O.html</url>
<title>Mandana Karimi busts rumours that she has coronavirus in Instagram live: Guys, educate yourselves</title>
<body >Actor Mandana Karimi shut down speculation that she has been diagnosed with the coronavirus and clarified in an Instagram live that she has an eye infection. She also assured fans that she was fine and taking care of it with the help of her doctor. The reason I came live is because some of you sent me messages of concern, asking if I have got coronavirus and what is happening. Thank you so much for your concern. No, I havent got coronavirus. I just have an eye infection, which I am taking care of, with my doctor, she said. Guys, educate yourselves, before making any suggestions to anyone. When you dont even know about the symptoms of any sort of sickness, you cant really be a doctor and you cant be making assumptions, she added. Mandana said that the eye infection was probably caused when she was cleaning the house, and accidentally touched her eye with her hand, which was in contact with chemicals. She also advised fans to be cautious while cleaning their houses. Make sure you are careful because this can happen to you. We keep using hand sanitisers, even at home Probably it has contacted my eye and that is why this has happened, she said. During the live, Mandana also said that her dog Elvis was staying with a friend for a few days, as she cannot take him downstairs for a walk or do too much around the house due to her infection. View this post on Instagram           The ugly Thruth  #quarantine #life A post shared by  Mandanakarimi (@mandanakarimi) on May 25, 2020 at 11:22pm PDT The ugly Thruth  #quarantine #life A post shared by  Mandanakarimi (@mandanakarimi) on May 25, 2020 at 11:22pm PDT Also see: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch In a recent interview with Hindustan Times, Mandana said that she is constantly talking to her friends and family through video calls, as she is all alone in Mumbai during the lockdown. It is a strange experience to be locked down. I was shooting in Mumbai for the last two months and was barely home and suddenly, I am home [all the time], she added. Mandana has participated in the popular reality show Bigg Boss 9, on which she was the second runner-up. She has also acted in films such as MainAur Charles and Kyaa Kool Hain Hum 3. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/bhagyashree-says-a-photographer-once-asked-salman-khan-to-catch-and-smooch-her-his-reply-won-her-over/story-8vh1PSguR33NYUVLwu4j5H.html</url>
<title>Bhagyashree says a photographer once asked Salman Khan to catch and smooch her. His reply won her over</title>
<body >Salman Khan and Bhagyashrees innocent romance in Maine Pyaar Kiya captured the hearts of the nation and catapulted them to fame. The two stars were approached for several photoshoots together, back in the day. In an interview with Deccan Chronicle, Bhagyashree said that a popular photographer wanted to take hot pictures of her and Salman. The photographer asked the Dabangg star to take her by surprise and plant a kiss on her lips. There was a very popular photographer back then, who is no more. He wanted to take some not-so-complimentary photographs of Salman and me, some sort of hot photographs. So, he took Salman aside and told him, Main jab camera set up karunga (When I set up the camera), you just catch her and smooch her, she revealed. Bhagyashree, who overheard the conversation, was blown away by Salmans response. He flatly refused to do any such thing without her consent. All of us were newcomers and this photographer thought he had the liberty to do something like that. Back then, smooching scenes were not prevalent. I dont think he or Salman knew that I was standing very close by and could hear every word. For a second, I remained shocked, but just then, I heard Salman say, I am not going to do anything of that sort. If you want any pose like that, you need to ask Bhagyashree. I really respected Salmans response, and thats when I realised I was among safe people, she said. Also Watch | Salman Khans stern message for those attacking cops  doctors: For few Jokers  Also see: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch Even though Maine Pyaar Kiya became a massive success, Bhagyashree gave up a career in films to focus on her marriage and motherhood. In an interview with Humans Of Bombay, she had said, Maine Pyaar Kiya went on to become such a big hit, but I was a woman so in love with my husband and my son Abhimanyu who was born soon after that I said no to every offer I got. I have absolutely no regrets though, I look at my life, my family now and I feel so proud. Bhagyashrees upcoming projects include Radha Krishna Kumars Jaan (tentative title), starring Prabhas and Pooja Hegde, and AL Vijays Thalaivi, which has Kangana Ranaut playing former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/the-lockdown-brings-out-the-reflective-side-in-lillete-dubey/story-2XsXTq9PHHCMFRSUqtGaDJ.html</url>
<title>The lockdown brings out the reflective side in Lillete Dubey</title>
<body >With a career spanning more than two decades, Lillete Dubey has firmly established herself as one of the finest thespians and artistes in the country. And, now, for the first time in her career, like many others, the actor finds herself in a state of pause, and a much needed one. One of the great revelations for me, she says, is that all these days I have been a social dinosaur. I have always believed that your work is your calling card. But at the same time, now I have also realised the importance of professional and personal, need to communicate with people. Dubey has utilised this time to pursue a more reflective way of living. I am not on social media, so I havent been venting out my feelings on an individual level, says the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel actor, adding that a lot of people are doing that, which is fair enough. I am not making any judgements. But I found that people went two ways, either they went inwards, a little reflective, and loved and enjoyed and valued the time that they got with themselves. And many went outwards, to connect with people. I went the former way, and the only time I went out was for an digital event to support theatre where I was joined by Ira (Dubey; daughter), concludes the actor. Although the actor affirms the fact that people will hesitate to get back to the theatres, she also feels that OTT might just be a feasible option for many. Maybe, we are entering an era were digital is going to become far more important, though I will never believe that well replace theatre and films, they should co-exist. Human interaction is a very important part in being human, says the Lunchbox actor. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/hrithik-roshan-is-quarantining-with-ex-sussanne-khan-and-their-sons-at-his-stunning-sea-facing-home-see-inside-pics-video/story-acqKr2wsqm5c21fvOa8PsM.html</url>
<title>Hrithik Roshan is quarantining with ex Sussanne Khan and their sons at his stunning sea-facing home. See inside pics, video</title>
<body >Hrithik Roshan, whose chock-a-block calendar rarely allows him to spend months at a time with his sons Hrehaan and Hridaan, is using the lockdown to spend quality time with them. He is able to do this because his ex-wife Sussanne Khan agreed to move into his house temporarily, so that both of them could be there with their children. Both Hrithik and Sussanne have been sharing glimpses from his sea-facing home with a beautiful view that includes her makeshift outdoor workspace as well as a corner for the piano. Sharing pictures of her new work station, Sussanne wrote on Instagram, My temporary home work space was interestingly put together to bring a little element of play while I work. The funny thing is, my time on this put together desk (made of flat cushion seats from an existing sofa seating composition that we had in this space, and then we put a low lying coffee table on top and...there it was, my perfect desk!) with a view of the glorious Arabian Sea and an isolated Juhu beach, this is a visual which honestly I shouldnt get used to! Also read | Sara Khan calls her lip filler a disaster: I didnt like my look at that time Hrithiks sprawling house is spread across approximately 3,000 sq ft. Originally a 4 BHK, it was broken down by interior designer Ashiesh Shah into a den and two bedrooms. It also has a foosball table, billiards table as well as a vending machine which gives out chocolates. View this post on Instagram           My temporary home work space was interestingly put together to bring a little element of play while I work. The funny thing is, my time on this put together desk (made of flat cushion seats from an existing sofa seating composition that we had in this space, and then we put a low lying coffee table on top and...there it was, my perfect desk!) with a view of the glorious Arabian Sea and an isolated Juhu beach, this is a visual which honestly I shouldnt get used to! As I sit and ponder over the ghastly effects of what this dreadful virus has had on each one of us, and what it may continue to have on the entire planet in general, I must say I cant help but feel along with the uncertainty, an inner peace. There will be a diverse amount of good, that its post effects will bring on all of us. The kind that will remind us to grow a little each day, to produce better solutions for our projects, to be more giving for the less fortunate and most importantly, to be better contributors in our daily lives towards this beautiful planet. Stay home, stay safe and design your thoughts. #architecturaldigest #letsmakethiswork #lovewhatyoudo #ADindia #mybestfriendsgorgeoushome #thelabellife #workfromhomewear #designyourthoughts #prayingfortheplanet #stayhomestaysafe #thankfulforhavingahome #oneplanettoprotect  ...credit @hrithikroshan A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Mar 27, 2020 at 3:49am PDT My temporary home work space was interestingly put together to bring a little element of play while I work. The funny thing is, my time on this put together desk (made of flat cushion seats from an existing sofa seating composition that we had in this space, and then we put a low lying coffee table on top and...there it was, my perfect desk!) with a view of the glorious Arabian Sea and an isolated Juhu beach, this is a visual which honestly I shouldnt get used to! As I sit and ponder over the ghastly effects of what this dreadful virus has had on each one of us, and what it may continue to have on the entire planet in general, I must say I cant help but feel along with the uncertainty, an inner peace. There will be a diverse amount of good, that its post effects will bring on all of us. The kind that will remind us to grow a little each day, to produce better solutions for our projects, to be more giving for the less fortunate and most importantly, to be better contributors in our daily lives towards this beautiful planet. Stay home, stay safe and design your thoughts. #architecturaldigest #letsmakethiswork #lovewhatyoudo #ADindia #mybestfriendsgorgeoushome #thelabellife #workfromhomewear #designyourthoughts #prayingfortheplanet #stayhomestaysafe #thankfulforhavingahome #oneplanettoprotect  ...credit @hrithikroshan A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Mar 27, 2020 at 3:49am PDT View this post on Instagram           Inspired by the 21 day learning challenge by Vedantu (and my little pianists at home). . So Im on mission piano.  Ps: Great for activating both sides of the brain by the way. . Great initiative by Vedantu to spread the word on growth and learning.  . #21dayLearningchallenge by @vedantu_learns. For Kids Grade 1 - 12 and those appearing for JEE  NEET. #onlinelearning #free . #keeplearning #keepgrowing #noexcuses #startnow #keepexploring #stayhome #staysafe . Photo bomb courtesy: Sussanne Khan. Currently surveying my home for design irregularities. A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2020 at 7:05am PDT Inspired by the 21 day learning challenge by Vedantu (and my little pianists at home). . So Im on mission piano.  Ps: Great for activating both sides of the brain by the way. . Great initiative by Vedantu to spread the word on growth and learning.  . #21dayLearningchallenge by @vedantu_learns. For Kids Grade 1 - 12 and those appearing for JEE  NEET. #onlinelearning #free . #keeplearning #keepgrowing #noexcuses #startnow #keepexploring #stayhome #staysafe . Photo bomb courtesy: Sussanne Khan. Currently surveying my home for design irregularities. A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2020 at 7:05am PDT View this post on Instagram           . Focus. Stay objective . Follow all the rules. . Plan for a few steps ahead. Be prepared. You may have to make some sacrifices. And thats ok. . Weigh the advantage and disadvantage of every move. Mistakes may result in loss of lives. . Aim from a distance. Dont move in too close. Protect yourself and your clan. . Dont panic. Its not just a game. O and wash your hands before you begin. . I guess the rules remain the same for all kinds of wars in our lives. . Lets win this. . #washyourhands #stayhome #indiafightscorona #contribute #weareinthistogether #stayclean #socialdistancing #covid19 A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Apr 6, 2020 at 6:49am PDT . Focus. Stay objective . Follow all the rules. . Plan for a few steps ahead. Be prepared. You may have to make some sacrifices. And thats ok. . Weigh the advantage and disadvantage of every move. Mistakes may result in loss of lives. . Aim from a distance. Dont move in too close. Protect yourself and your clan. . Dont panic. Its not just a game. O and wash your hands before you begin. . I guess the rules remain the same for all kinds of wars in our lives. . Lets win this. . #washyourhands #stayhome #indiafightscorona #contribute #weareinthistogether #stayclean #socialdistancing #covid19 A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Apr 6, 2020 at 6:49am PDT View this post on Instagram           . It is unimaginable for me, as a parent, to think of having to be separated from my children at a time when the country is practicing lockdowns. . It is heartwarming to see the world come together as one in this time of deep uncertainty and possibility of months of social distancing and potential lockdowns for several weeks perhaps . . While the world talks about humanity coming together, I think it represents more than just an idea especially for parents sharing custody of their kids. How to keep their kids close to them without infringing on the right of the other who also has an equal right to be with his/her children. . This is a picture of dear Sussanne (my ex wife) , who has graciously volunteered to temporarily move out of her home so that our children are not disconnected indefinitely from either one of us. . Thank you Sussanne for being so supportive and understanding in our journey of co-parenting. . Our children will tell the story we create for them. . I hope and pray that in order to safeguard the health of ourselves and our loved ones, we all find our way to express love, empathy, courage, strength with an open heart . . #beopen #bekind #bebrave #responsibility #coexist #empathy #strength #courage #oneworld #humanity #wecanfighththis #loveoverfear A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 25, 2020 at 1:20am PDT . It is unimaginable for me, as a parent, to think of having to be separated from my children at a time when the country is practicing lockdowns. . It is heartwarming to see the world come together as one in this time of deep uncertainty and possibility of months of social distancing and potential lockdowns for several weeks perhaps . . While the world talks about humanity coming together, I think it represents more than just an idea especially for parents sharing custody of their kids. How to keep their kids close to them without infringing on the right of the other who also has an equal right to be with his/her children. . This is a picture of dear Sussanne (my ex wife) , who has graciously volunteered to temporarily move out of her home so that our children are not disconnected indefinitely from either one of us. . Thank you Sussanne for being so supportive and understanding in our journey of co-parenting. . Our children will tell the story we create for them. . I hope and pray that in order to safeguard the health of ourselves and our loved ones, we all find our way to express love, empathy, courage, strength with an open heart . . #beopen #bekind #bebrave #responsibility #coexist #empathy #strength #courage #oneworld #humanity #wecanfighththis #loveoverfear A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 25, 2020 at 1:20am PDT View this post on Instagram           . Couldnt ask for a better view. . Or a more suited book . . #Coexist #doglovers A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 22, 2020 at 11:58pm PDT . Couldnt ask for a better view. . Or a more suited book . . #Coexist #doglovers A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 22, 2020 at 11:58pm PDT  Recently, Sussanne wrote for Vogue that during the lockdown, the family gets together for an hour every day, five days a week, to read. Hrithik came up with the idea of everyone sitting in the same room and reading their individual books, an activity she described as her favourite. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/jassie-gill-misses-his-family-in-canada/story-kPvXC0Nhj7BN5n9f2nkUPK.html</url>
<title>Jassie Gill misses his family in Canada</title>
<body >My family is in Canada. I am missing my daughter and my wife, says singer-actor Jassie Gill. Thanks to technology, I can see and talk to them every day but I would like them to be with me. I came to India to finish some work just before the lockdown happened. I would like to go to them whenever the flights resume, he adds. Gill is keeping himself busy with work, I am not really binge-watching anything as I never had the habit of doing it. I did catch on a few films.. During the initial days, I got a bit frustrated but now I am utilising this time and making the most of it. I have kept myself busy with work by composing songs, shares the singer.         View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Jassie Gill (@jassie.gill) on May 20, 2020 at 3:15am PDT  A post shared by  Jassie Gill (@jassie.gill) on May 20, 2020 at 3:15am PDT The singer-actor released two singles during the lockdown, believes that music helps to uplift the mood, I like making music. I am a restless person and before the lockdown happened, once I would be back from the shoots, I would reach the studio in the night and would start composing music. I have a bank of around 25-30 songs. Music is really therapeutic. It is something that people listen on any occasion. So during the lockdown, I decided to release a few songs, Two of them have already come out and have received a good response and I will be releasing one more soon, he says.  Gill, started his acting career with Punjabi films in 2014, made his Hind debut with Happy Phirr Bhag Jayegi (2018) but received a lot of praise for playing a supportive husband in Panga which released earlier this year. He says that he is happy the way his career has shaped up so far, The response to Panga has just given a boost to my career. It has just widened my horizon. Im not in a hurry to sign any new film. My family and my meals do not depend on my acting career as Im predominantly a singer. I have another Hindi film which we will start once everything is back to nrormal, he concludes. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-bihar-10th-result-2020-live-updates-bihar-board-matric-result-at-biharboardonline-com/story-c2Sp6XcNFs9Miph9Ce7ulK.html</url>
<title>BSEB Bihar 10th Result 2020 Latest Updates: Bihar Board matric result out, 80.59% pass, check details</title>
<body >BSEB Bihar 10th Result 2020 Latest Updates: Bihar SchoolExamination Board has  onTuesday announced the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020. The result can be checked at onlinebseb.in and biharboarodnline.com. Students can also check their results on our HTResult portal for which the link has been provided below. Over 14.9 lakh candidates who have appeared for the board exams were anxiously waiting for their results for last one week. This year BSEB did not hold any press conference to announce the results due to the coronavirus pandemic. Unlike every year, the students will not be able to watch the result declaration live on TV. However, they can follow the live updates here for all latest information on Bihar Board matric result. BSEBBihar 10th Result announced:Watch Video Follow BSEB Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 latest updates here: Check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 on HTResult portal 12: 07 pm:Bihar Board matric toppers from Jamui Ravi Ranjan -- 474 Bambam Kumar ---- 473 Rohit Kumar ---- 471 Anshul Kumar --- 469 Aryan Kumar Raj --- 469 Mukesh Kumar -- 468 11:03 am:Bihar Board 10th Result available on HTResult portal Candidates who are not able to check their Bihar Board 10th result 2020 can check their result here on HTResult portal. Click on the direct link given here and select Bihar Board.Then click on Bihar Board 10th Result tab and your will get the login page. Key in the required login information and your result will be displayed on the screen. Check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 here. 10:28 am:Bihar Board matric toppers 2020:Top 5 rank holders from Katihar Nishant Kumar --462 Suraj Kumar -- 460 Nazmul Alam -- 460 Kajal Rani- 456 MD Ehsan Alam -- 456 Anshu Priya -- 455 Manoraj Babu --455 Naziya Khatoon -- 454 Shahanawaz Ansari ---454 10:04 am: Bihar Board 10th Result 20202:Top 5 rank holders from Purnea district Shubham Raj -- 473/500 Anjali Kumari--- 467/5000 Ejaz Ahmed -- 467/500 Saurabh Kumar --- 464/500 Sayem Alem--- 463/500 Mani Muskan --- 462/500 09:15 am :41 students in top-10 merit list The overall pass percentage this year is 80.59%, which is 0.14 % less than the previous years score of 80.73%. A total of 41 students have made it to top 10 list including 31 boys and 10 girls. Out of 14,94,071 students who appeared for the matriculation exam this year, 7,29,213 boys and 7,64,858 girls passed. Read full details here 8:57 am:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:District Wise topper list of Araria Ankit Raj -- 475/500 Payal Kumari --- 471/500 Sadan Kumar- -- 470/500 Jyotish Anand --- 466/500 Suchi Kumar --- 465/ 500 5:42  pm:BSEB class 10 topper Himanshu Raj wants to become a software engineer Himanshu Raj of Janta High School Tenyaj, Rohtas has topped the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) Class 10th examination 2020. He has scored 481 marks out of 500 which is 96.20%. He is the son of a vegetable vendor, and wants to become a software engineer. 5:01  pm: Bihar Board Result 2020 announced: Watch video 04:55 pm: Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: SAVs supremacy in Bihar board ends This year, Simultala Awasiya Vidyalay (SAV) has no student in the top 5, while there are just three students among the 41 students in the top 10. 03:50 pm :BSEB becomes first board to announce board results this year:Chairman Bihar board became the first board to declare the results of class X and XII in the country as most of the boards have either not completed the examination or could not complete the evaluation of answer sheets because of the lockdown enforced in the country to contain the spread of Coronavirus infection, the BSEB chairman said. Kishore said the board could declare results because of its better planning and teamwork. 03:33 pm: Over 5 lakh students pass with 2nd division Out of 5,24,217 who passed in second division, 2,57,807 are boys and 2,66,410 are girls. 02:32pm:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:How to check result on HT Result portal Due to heavy traffic, BSEBresult sites are not opening. You can check results on ourHTResult portal. Follow these steps 02: 23 pm:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 topper list Check full topper list of Bihar Board matric result 2020 here  02:02 pm: BSEBwebsite down, check your Bihar Board 10th result at HindustanTimes Result portal Bihar Board result website is down due to heavy traffic. Check your Bihar Board 10th result on our HindustanTimes Result portal. Click here to check BSEBmatric result 2020 01:55 pm Himanshu Raj of Rohtas is the topper Himanshu Raj of Rohtas has bagged first rank by securing 96.2%. Check Bihar Board 10th topper list here 01:47 pm: 4.03 lakh students pass in 1st division A total of 4,03,392 have passed in first division out of whom 2,38,093 are boys and 1,65,299 are girls 01: 04 pm:14.9 lakh students had appeared for the exam 14,94,071 appeared in which 7,29,213 are boys and 7,64,858 girls 12: 53 pm:Bihar Board 10th Result declared. 80.59% students pass A total of 80.59% students have passed the Bihar Board 10th exam 2020. Check details here 12:30 pm:BSEBBihar Board Class 10th Result 2020 declared at onlinebseb.in Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 has been declared at onlinebseb.in. Candidates can check their results online by logging in using their roll code, roll number and registration number. Stay tuned for more updates. 12:22 pm:BSEBBihar Board 10th Result 2020 to be declared in just few minutes Just few minutes are left for the BSEB to declare the Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com. Stay tuned for all updates. 12: 04 pm:BSEB Bihar 10th Result 2020 shortly In just half an hour the Bihar Board 10th result will be out. Candidates will be able to check their result online at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com 11:50 am: BSEBBihar 10th Result 2020:EducationMinister to announce results soon BSEB chairman Anand Kishor announced that the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 will be declared by the state Education Minister Krishana Nandan Prasad Verma at 12:30 pm. 11:30 am: Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Just one hour to go! In just one hour BSEB will announce the Bihar Board 10th result 2020. Candidates will be able to check their results online at biharboardonline.com and onlinebseb.in. The result will be out at 12:30 pm. 11:10 am:BSEBMatric Result 2020: How to check Bihar 10th result 2020 Candidates will have to visit the official website at onlinebseb.in or biharboardonline.com On the homepage, they will find a result link that will read Bihar Board 10th result 2020 Click on the result link A login page will appear Key in your roll number, roll code and registered number as mentioned in your admit card Your Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be displayed on the screen. Download and take a print out if possible. 11:00 am:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Be careful while choosing stream for intermediate Students should choose the stream of studies based on their interest. If a students likes arts he should choose arts in Class 11. Many students who dont select subjects according to their interest face difficulties later on in life. However, candidates should also try and understand what is the scope of that subject in the future and how will they plan their career. 10:50 am:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Pass percentage expected to improve In the year 2018 the pass percentage of Bihar Board matric exam was 68.89 which rose to 80.73 in the year 2019. This year the pass percentage is expected to rise as the students found the questions very easy this year. 10: 33 am : Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Two hours to go! In just two hours, BSEB will declare the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 on the official websites.Candidates will be able to check their results online at onlinebseb.in or biharboardonline.com after it is declared. 10:18 am:Why Bihar Board 10th result got delayed this year? Every year BSEB declares the result within a month after the exam is completed.This year also, BSEB chairman Anand Kishor had announced that the board plans to declare the result in the last week of March. However, the result got delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic. The evaluation of answerscripts were left midway after the nationwide lockdown was imposed. The evaluation then resumed onMay 6 and ended on May 17. 10:08 am:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:How to check Bihar matric results on mobile Candidates can check their Bihar Board matric results on mobile as well. The official websites of BSEB has been designed to be mobile friendly as well. Candidates can also check their results from their smartphones. They do not have to visit cyber cafe to check their results. Heres how to check Bihar matric result on mobile 09:58 am:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:List of result websites Candidates who have appeared for the Bihar Board matric exams will be able to check their results online at various websites of BSEB.Check the list of Bihar Board 10th Result websites here: onlinebseb.in, biharboardonline.com, biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, biharboard.online, biharboard.ac.in 09:48 am: Bihar Board 10th result 2020: How to check BSEBmatric results online After the Bihar Board 10th result is declared, candidates will be able to check it online at biharboardonline.com or onlinebseb.in by visiting the login page. Key in your roll number, roll code and registration number to check BSEB matric result. Here are all the steps to check your result. Read full steps here. 09:38 am: Bihar Board 10th Results 2020: Only  3 hours to go Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be declared in next three hours. The wait of 15  lakh students is about to end. The  result will be declared at 12: 30 pm on Tuesday. 09:28 am:BSEBMatric exam 2020:Change in question pattern Out of the 100 questions in the exam, 60 were objective in nature out of which students had to attempt any 50. 09:18 am: Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: New measures adopted by BSEB in the exam This year BSEB had adopted various new measures to curb the use of any unfair means in the board examinations. For the first time ever, the board had introduced a pre- printed answer books and OMRsheets that had the name and photo of the candidates printed on them to avoid impersonation 09:08 am: Bihar Board 10th result 2020: 15,29,393 students had registered for the Bihar Board exam A total of 15, 29,393 students have registered for the examination. Out of which, 7, 83,034 students are female, and 7, 46,359 are male. 08:58 am:BSEB10th Result 2020:Panel of subject experts interview the toppers on video call The topper list was prepared by the board and a panel of subject experts were constituted to re-examine the papers of top 10 rank holders and conduct an interview to verify the genuineness of the toppers. This year due to the coronavirus lockdown, the toppers were interviewed on video call in order to maintain social distancing. 08: 48 am: BSEBmatric result 2020:How to check your Bihar Board 10th results on mobile Not many of students have access to computer so we will tell you how to check your Bihar Board 10th results on mobile phone by following four easy steps. Click here to know the steps. 08:38 am: Just 4 hours left for BSEBmatric result 2020 In just four hours, BSEB will declare the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 on the official websites. With this, the wait of over 15 lakh candidates will come to an end. Students should have patience and check the websites onlinebseb.in or biharboardonline.com to check their results after it is declared. 08:28 am: BSEB had to suspend the evaluation of matric answersheets due to coronavirus lockdown. Although the examination concluded onFebruary 24, the evaluation process had to be left midway due to the coronavirus lockdown. The board had to suspend the evaluation to ensure the safety of evaluators. The evaluation resumed onMay 6 and concluded on May 17 after which the marks of all candidates were compiled and fed in the computer. 08: 18 am: BSEB matric result was delayed due to coronavirus pandemic BSEBchairman Anand Kishor had earlier announced that the board has planned to declare the matric and intermediate results in the last week of March or in the first week of April. BSEB had declared the intermediate results on March 24. However, due to the coronavirus outbreak the Bihar matric result was delayed. 08:08 am:BSEBBihar matric toppers list 2020 BSEB will release the list of Bihar Board matric toppers today. The list will have name and roll number of top 10 rank holders along with their scores and their parents name and the name of their school. Last year the top 5 rank holders were from Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya. The toppers list will be uploaded here also. Stay tuned. 07:58 am:Get BSEBmatric result alert and direct link immediately after result is out, register here for free If you want to receive the Bihar board matric result alert immediately after it is out, register on our HTresult portal for free. Registered students will get an alert text and direct link to check their result on their mobile number as soon as the result is out. Click here to register Click here to register now 07:48 am:Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Keep your admit cards handy Candidates are advised to keep their Bihar Board matric  admit cards handy. They will have to login on the result page using the roll number, roll code and registration number as mentioned in their admit card. 07:38 am: Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Minister and additional chief secretary of education department, Bihar will announce the results This year, the education minister along with the additional chief secretary of education department RKMahajan will announce the results. However, there will be no press conference. Students will be able to get all updates online here. 07:28 am: Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: 15 lakh candidates anxiously waiting for their BSEB matric results Over 15 lakh candidates are anxiously waiting for their  matric results. In just few hours, their result will be declared online at onlinebseb.in. Candidates will be able to check their results online. Click here to know how to checkBSEB 10th result online. 07:18 am: Bihar Board 10th result will be announced today at 12: 30 pm by education minister Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB)will announce the Bihar class 10th results 2020 today at 12:30 pm. The result will be announced by the education minister of Bihar Krishna NandanPrasad Verma. Candidates will be able to check their results online at biharboarodnline.com and onlinebseb.in Click here for HT Result portal </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/live-update/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-live-updates-bseb-bihar-class-10-matric-result-at-biharboard-ac-in/story-orbUmg1E13YzihHngX9kwJ.html</url>
<title>BSEB Bihar 10th Result 2020 Latest Updates: Bihar Board class 10th result declared at biharboardonline.com</title>
<body >BSEB Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Latest Updates: Bihar matric result 2020 has been declared today at onlinebseb.in, biharboardonline.com, biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, biharboard.online, biharboard.ac.in. Check latest updates here. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Bihar SchoolExamination Board on Tuesday declared the BSEB Bihar class 10th result 2020 on its official websites.The result was announced by education minister of Bihar Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma in presence of RKMahajan, additional chief secretary, education department, Bihar. Candidates who have taken the BSEB 10th exam that was conducted from February 17 to 24 can check their results online at onlinebseb.in, biharboardonline.com, biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, biharboard.online or biharboard.ac.in. Students can also check their result on our HTResult portal directly for which the link has been provided below. 15 lakh students had registered for the Bihar Board class 10th examination. 14.9 lakh had taken the exam. 12 lakh candidates qualified the exam. The students had to wait for over three months for their result which was delayed due to the imposition of lockdown. Here we will update you about the list of websites, pass percentage, toppers list and all other details. Stay tuned. Bihar Board Result 2020 announced: Watch video  FollowBihar Board 10th Result 2020 Updates here:  Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Bihar SchoolExamination Board on Tuesday declared the BSEB Bihar class 10th result 2020 on its official websites.The result was announced by education minister of Bihar Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma in presence of RKMahajan, additional chief secretary, education department, Bihar. Candidates who have taken the BSEB 10th exam that was conducted from February 17 to 24 can check their results online at onlinebseb.in, biharboardonline.com, biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, biharboard.online or biharboard.ac.in. Students can also check their result on our HTResult portal directly for which the link has been provided below. 15 lakh students had registered for the Bihar Board class 10th examination. 14.9 lakh had taken the exam. 12 lakh candidates qualified the exam. The students had to wait for over three months for their result which was delayed due to the imposition of lockdown. Here we will update you about the list of websites, pass percentage, toppers list and all other details. Stay tuned. Bihar Board Result 2020 announced: Watch video  FollowBihar Board 10th Result 2020 Updates here:  Sannu Kumar ---477 Saurav Kumar ---469 Krishna Kumar ---467 Vijay  Kumar --- 466  Alok Kumar --- 465 Akash Kumar ---470 Rimjhim Kumari --- 452 Ritik Kumar --- 452 Ruchi Kumari --- 451 Ritesh Kumar --451 Rachi Prasoon --- 449 Abhay Raj -- 449 Saurav Kumar--- 449 Priya Kumari --- 448 Gaurav Kumar--- 448  Abhinav Kumar --- 448 Ankit Raj -- 475/500 Payal Kumari --- 471/500 Sadan Kumar- -- 470/500 Jyotish Anand --- 466/500  Suchi Kumar --- 465/ 500 Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 was declared on Tuesday. 80.59% students pass  Himanshu Raj, son of a vegetable vendor in Rohtas district of Bihar has topped the state by scoring 96.2% Read full highlights here Shubham Raj -- 473/500 Anjali Kumari--- 467/5000 Ejaz Ahmed -- 467/500 Saurabh Kumar --- 464/500 Sayem Alem--- 463/500  Mani Muskan --- 462/500  Durgesh Kumar, a student of S K High School, Jitwarpur, Samastipur has secured the second rank by scoring 96%. Born in a farmers family, Durgesh wants to prepare for the IITentrance exam and become an engineer.  Himanshu Raj of Janta High School Tenyaj, Rohtas has topped the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) Class 10th examination 2020. He has scored 481 marks out of 500 which is 96.20%. He is the son of a vegetable vendor, and wants to become a software engineer.  This year, Simultala Awasiya Vidyalay (SAV) has no student in the top 5, while there are just three students among the 41 students in the top 10  Bihar board became the first board to declare the results of class X and XII in the country as most of the boards have either not completed the examination or could not complete the evaluation of answer sheets because of the lockdown enforced in the country to contain the spread of Coronavirus infection, the BSEB chairman Anand Kishor said.  Out of 5,24,217 who passed in second division, 2,57,807 are boys and 2,66,410 are girls Bihar Board 10th result has been declared. Over 12 lakh candidates have passed the examination making a pass percentage of 80.5. Check full details  here. Check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 toppers list here    The Bihar Board 10th Result website is not opening due to heavy traffic. Alternatively check your scores here at Hindustan Times Result portal. Direct link to check Bihar Board matric result 2020  Out of 4,03,392 who passed in first division, 2,38,093 are boys and 1,65,299 are girls Pass percentage in 2017: 50.12% 2018: 68.89%, 2019: 80.73%,  2020: 80.59%  Himanshu Raj of Janta High School Tenyaj, Rohtas has topped the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) Class 10th or matric examination 2020. He has scored 481 marks out of 500 which is 96.20%. Check Bihar Board 10th topper list here  2,89, 692 students have failed in the Bihar board examination. Results of four candidates have been kept pending.  14,94,071 students had appeared in which 7,29,213 are boys and 7,64,858 girls. Check details here  After a long wait, BSEBhas finally declared the Bihar Board 10th result 2020 at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com.  In just few minutes the Bihar Board candidates will be able to download their results online at biharboardonline.com and onlinebseb.in. Stay tuned for updates.  Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be declared shortly at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com. The education minister of Bihar will announce the results at 12:30 pm.  BSEB chairman Anand Kishor announced that the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 will be declared by the state Education Minister Krishana Nandan Prasad Verma at 12:30 pm.  Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be declared in an hour. BSEB will upload the Bihar 10th results on its official websites. Candidates will be able to login and check their results online at biharboardonline.com and onlinebseb.in  Education minister of Bihar Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma will soon announce the Bihar Board 10th results 2020 today at 12:30 pm. Stay tuned for more updates.  Sawan Raj Bharti of Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya (SAV) in Jamui had topped the BSEB Class 10th examination 2019. He had scored 97.2%. Out of the top 10 students in the merit list, 9 were from Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya (SAV) in Jamui.  In the year 2019, the pass percentage of Bihar Board matric exam was 80.73%. In the year 2018, the pass percentage was 68.89%.  The Bihar Board 10th result will be declared online on the official websites of BSEB. Candidates will not be able to watch it live as there will be no press conference this year. However, we will provide you all the latest updates here.  Candidates do not have to go to cyber cafe to check their Bihar Board 10th results. The official websites of BSEBonlinebseb. in and biharboardonline.com are mobile friendly too. They can check their results online using a smartphone as well. Click here to know more.  Every year BSEB declares the Bihar Board 10th results within a month after concluding the exams. Last year the Bihar Board matric result was declared in record 29 days on April 6, 2019. This year the result got delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic. The matric evaluation had to be suspended due to the coronavirus lockdown. The evaluation resumed onMay 6 and concluded on May 17 after which the result was prepared.  The Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be uploaded on various official sites of BSEB. Heres the list of websites on which the BSEBBihar matric results can be checked: onlinebseb.in, biharboardonline.com, biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, biharboard.online, biharboard.ac.in  BSEB will release the list of Bihar Board matric toppers after the result is declared. The list will have the details of toppers like name and roll number along with their scores and their parents name and the name of their school. The list will have details of to 10 rank holders. Last year the top 5 rank holders were from Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya. We will provide you the toppers list here.  In next three hours, over 15 lakh students will get their Bihar Board 10th result 2020. The result will be declared at 12:30 pm on Tuesday at onlinebseb.in.  Candidates can get their Bihar Board 10th result alert as soon as the result is declared by the board. Register here on our HTresult portal for free. The registered candidates will receive an alert text and the direct link to check their matric result on their mobile number as soon as the result out. Click here to register now   Candidates are advised to keep their Bihar Board matric  admit cards ready so that they can enter their roll number, roll code and registration number as mentioned in their admit card to login on their result page.  The education minister of Bihar Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma will announce the Bihar board 10th result 2020 in presence of RK Mahajan, the additional chief secretary of educationdepartment Bihar at 12:30 pm on Tuesday.  In just four hours, candidates who have appeared in the exam will be able to check their Bihar Board 10th Result online. Students have been waiting for their result anxiously for the last one week. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/ugc-asks-deemed-to-be-universities-not-to-call-themselves-university/story-nwLabhjPyjHsEqlO3oZtPM.html</url>
<title>UGC asks deemed to be universities not to call themselves University</title>
<body >University Grants Commission (UGC) on Wednesday directed 127 Deemed to be University to restrain from using the word university with their name in any manner. The commission has also released the list of 127 institutions of higher education which have been declared as Deemed to be Universities. The Commission has asked the institutes to not use the term University in their advertisements, website, website addresses, e-mail addresses, letterheads, communications, hoardings etc, failing which the commission will take necessary action against the Deemed to be University. Instead, the Institution may mention the word Deemed to be University within parenthesis suffixed thereto, reads the UGCs letter. No institution, whether a corporate body or not, other than a University established or incorporated by or under a Central Act, a Provincial Act or a State Act shall be entitled to have the word University associated with its name in any manner whatsoever, reads the UGCs letter. The UGC in a letter further says that it has been observed that in spite of the directions from the Supreme Court and UGC, some of the Deemed to be Universities are still using the word University in one way or another. Click here to check the list of the institutions. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/meghalaya-allows-students-to-appear-for-remaining-hs-exam-papers-from-home-district-headquarters/story-KMMLgZeIR67f3GspbEpVDK.html</url>
<title>Meghalaya allows students to appear for remaining HS exam papers from home district headquarters</title>
<body >The Meghalaya government has said it will allow students to appear for the remaining papers of the higher secondary board examinations from their respective home district headquarters. Over 3,700 students will sit for the papers of subjects like mathematics, physical education, statistics and western music from 59 centres across the state, beginning on June 8, officials said. The facility, however, will not be available in the sub-division or block levels. Candidates are required to download the application format from the Meghalaya Board of School of Education (MBOSE) website and send the filled document via email by May 31, they said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-class-10-scrutiny-2020-online-application-begins-from-may-29-check-details/story-yIorQ8NiLluKIZvyLdvF6M.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board Class 10 Scrutiny 2020: Online application begins from May 29, check details</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) will accept online scrutiny applications from the candidates of Bihar Board class 10 examination between May 29 and June 12. BSEB declared the class 10 results on May 26. The Bihar board has decided to accept online applications for scrutiny of papers from Friday onwards. Candidates who are not satisfied with the marks obtained by them in one or more subjects can apply for scrutiny online by visiting the official website of Bihar Board at www.biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, BSEBchairman Anand Kishor said on Wednesday. Candidates will have to pay an online fee of Rs 70 for each paper. How to apply for scrutiny: Visit the official website at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Click on the link that reads, Apply for scrutiny (Annual matric Examination 2020) Key in your credentials or register yourself The applicants will get an application IDafter registration Use the application IDand registration number (As given in the hall ticket)to login Anew page will open with subject- list Click on the tick- mark beside the subjects you wish to apply for scrutiny After selecting the subjects for scrutiny, click on fee payment option </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/schools-in-west-bengal-to-remain-closed-till-june-30-says-partha-chatterjee/story-0d4oXDNIUM2yxBphfz2qfP.html</url>
<title>West Bengal schools to remain closed till June 30, says Partha Chatterjee</title>
<body >Schools in West Bengal will remain closed till June 30, the state government announced on Wednesday. Education Minister Partha Chatterjee said the decision was taken as several school buildings were damaged by cyclone Amphan in eight districts and there is also a possibility that some of the buildings may be used as quarantine centres for the migrant workers. The government had earlier announced that schools will remain closed till June 10. The rescheduled dates for Class 12 state boards exams remain unchanged and they will be held on June 29, July 2 and July 6 as announced last week, Chatterjee said addressing a press conference in Bikash Bhavan here. He said the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education has been asked to put in place all necessary precautions for holding the exams in 1,058 examination centres. If necessary, the buildings of some colleges can also be used for the higher secondary exams, he added. The cyclone has caused damage to 462 examination centres and alternative venues are being scouted, the minister said. These affected exam centres are located in Kolkata, North 24 Parganas, South 24 Parganas, East Midnapore, East Burdwan, Nadia, Hooghly and Howrah districts. The minister, who earlier in the day met senior officials of the education department, said as per preliminary estimate the damages to educational institutions, including colleges, due to the cyclone has been pegged at Rs 700 crore and the department will soon be submitting a report to the state government for help. To make up for the prolonged disruption in classes, the government will ask coordinators to ensure that teachers take classes of students at home if they live in the same locality, he said. We will work out the modalities in this regard very soon, Chatterjee said. The department was also actively considering the proposal to provide free textbooks to the cyclone-affected students, particularly those in the higher secondary level, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/buried-alive-new-born-rescued-by-locals-in-up/story-KEekf7ZwOzXKpqqbLIYH8M.html</url>
<title>Buried alive, new born rescued by locals in UP</title>
<body >A new born baby boy who was buried alive by unknown people, was rescued by locals and admitted to community health center (CHC) Jogia in Sonar village of Sidhdhartha Nagar district on Monday, police said. SHO Jogia police station Anjani Kumar said, The baby was first rushed to CHC then to district hospital. He is doing well now. A case under section 137 (abandonment of child under 12 years by parents or whosoever who cares) of IPC has been lodged against unidentified persons in this connection. Locals said there were rumors that the baby was an illegitimate child so to avoid bad name his parents might have attempted to kill him by burying him alive. The baby is one day old and his umbilical cord was also not properly detached, said police. As per report, on Monday, one Manoj, a resident of the village, was leveling soil by tractor when he saw a hand of the baby in the mound of soil. He raised alarm then local rushed to the site and dug out the baby who was still alive but unconscious. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/cepc-to-organise-fairs-to-attract-domestic-market/story-6a7FIj5NgaaqqWhasjI8AL.html</url>
<title>CEPC to organise fairs to attract domestic market</title>
<body >Carpet Export Promotion Council (CEPC) president Siddhanath Singh that CEPC would seek business opportunities in domestic market to save the livelihood of the weavers and artisans in view of Covid-19 pandemic. Singh said that it would take at least 6-9 months to re-start the export as major carpet buyers like USA and Europe suffered badly due to the pandemic and so it was important to attract domestic market. He said that he had held discussions with union commerce and industry minister Piyush Goyal on May 26 in this connection. The Minister said that as part of its efforts to explore business in domestic market, the CEPC was planning to organise carpet fairs in all four metrosDelhi, Mumubai, Chennai and Kolkata and major cities like Chandigarh, Shimla, Amritsar, Puna, Ranchi among others. In the fairs, hand woven carpets of all ranges would be made available, he informed and added that a meeting would be held in June for discussing date and schedule of the series of carpet fairs. If all remained well, the first carpet fair would be held in mid or later part of September, he stated. Singh said that he had demanded imposition of 200 percent import duty on machine made carpets, being imported from Belgium, Turkey and China. He has also written to union minister of commerce and industry in this regard. Singh said that virtual fairs were also on the cards for the international buyers and made an appeal to domestic carpet buyers to buy handmade carpets. Around 4 lakh weavers are involved in carpet weaving in Bhadohi, Mirzapur and their adjoining areas in eastern UP. On an average, a weaver earns around Rs 300 daily if he works for seven to eight hours. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-ex-girlfriend-sangeeta-bijlani-sonakshi-sinha-make-it-to-sohail-khan-s-birthday-party-see-pics/story-XU6J17j6I7fGj2ZVx1mgUI.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan, ex girlfriend Sangeeta Bijlani, Sonakshi Sinha make it to Sohail Khans birthday party, see pics</title>
<body >The birthday celebration of actor Salman Khans brother Sohail was more or less a family and close friends affair on Friday. The pictures from the family party show Salman and many members of the family and other celebrities. Watch|Salman Khan, Sonakshi Sinha, Sunny Leone at Sohail Khans birthday bash  Seen on the occasion were Salmans stepmother and yesteryear actor Helen, father and scriptwriter Salim Khan, mother Salma Khan, brother-in-law and producer Atul Agnihotri and his wife Alvira Khan, Arbaaz Khans son Arhaan among others. Close friends of the Khans -- Abhishek Kapoor with his wife, as well as Angad Bedi and wife Neha Dhupia were also seen at the bash. Amrita Arora, too, made it to the celebrations. Salmans ex-girlfriend Sangeeta Bijlani and actor Daisy Shah were also seen at the party. Dabangg girl Sonakshi Sinha too made it to the party, as did Sunny Leone and her husband Daniel Weber. December 20 also saw the release of Salmans film Dabangg 3. It is the third film of the popular franchise, Dabangg and features Salman as the fearless cop Chulbul Pandey, who doesnt believe in playing by the rules. The films early box office estimates from day 1 show that while the film has picked up as estimated Rs 22-23 crores, its business has been hit by the ongoing social unrest across the country over the controversial Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and National Register of Citizens (NRC), the former having become a law. Also read: Kapil Sharma has a complaint about Archana Puran Singh, Salman Khan jokes Modi saab se karo. Watch video According to a report in Box Office India, Dabangg 3s fortunes have been most hit in the big markets of Delhi-NCR and Uttar Pradesh, where the stir has picked up momentum, after Northeast and West Bengal. The film was estimated to make around Rs 25 crores on day 1 under normal conditions. Salman will also be seen in Kick 2. The actor was to star in Sanjay Leela Bhansalis Inshallah, which was called off after the two, reportedly, could not agree on what the exact storyline ought to be. The film would have marked a reunion of the two after a gap of 20 years. The film was also supposed to be Alia Bhatts first outing with Salman. (All pictures byVarinder Chawla) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 21, 2019 22:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-hosts-birthday-party-for-ex-sangeeta-bijlani-girlfriend-iulia-vantur-attends-see-pics/story-oFibAWnpu6u1enJfwxeiCJ.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan hosts birthday party for ex Sangeeta Bijlani, girlfriend Iulia Vantur attends. See pics</title>
<body >As Sangeeta Bijlani turned a year older on July 9, former boyfriend Salman Khan threw a birthday party at his Bandra residence. Now, pictures from the bash have surfaced online. In one of the pictures, Sangeeta poses with Salman as Mohnish Behl, Sajid Nadiadwala and Salmans rumoured girlfriend Iulia Vantur give them company. While Sangeeta wears a black strapped dress, Iulia is also seen in a black one with half sleeves. Salman dons a cool look in casual T-shirt and black denims. His trademark bracelet is also visible. Daisy Shah was also present at the bash.          View this post on Instagram           Salman Khan, Sajid Nadiadwala  Warda Nadiadwala get together to celebrate Sangeeta Bijlanis Birthday along with Monish Bahl  Lulia Vantur. #SalmanKhan #SajidNadiadwala #WardakhanNadiadwala #sangeetabijlani #manishbahl #luliavantur A post shared by  Dabangg3 (@dabang803) on Jul 10, 2019 at 6:10am PDT Salman Khan, Sajid Nadiadwala  Warda Nadiadwala get together to celebrate Sangeeta Bijlanis Birthday along with Monish Bahl  Lulia Vantur. #SalmanKhan #SajidNadiadwala #WardakhanNadiadwala #sangeetabijlani #manishbahl #luliavantur A post shared by  Dabangg3 (@dabang803) on Jul 10, 2019 at 6:10am PDT View this post on Instagram           This is called 'Bonding'. Their standing position also SAME!!!! @mohnish_bahl_fc wonderful creation ..  #sangeetabijlani @mohnish_bahl @aarti.bahl #salmankhan A post shared by  Nivedita (@nivedita_from_westbengal) on Jul 9, 2019 at 10:08am PDT This is called 'Bonding'. Their standing position also SAME!!!! @mohnish_bahl_fc wonderful creation ..  #sangeetabijlani @mohnish_bahl @aarti.bahl #salmankhan A post shared by  Nivedita (@nivedita_from_westbengal) on Jul 9, 2019 at 10:08am PDT View this post on Instagram           #blessedbirthday A post shared by  Sangeeta Bijlani (@sangeetabijlani9) on Jul 9, 2019 at 11:16am PDT #blessedbirthday A post shared by  Sangeeta Bijlani (@sangeetabijlani9) on Jul 9, 2019 at 11:16am PDT View this post on Instagram           #SalmanKhan #SangeetaBijlani #Birthday #BollywoodFlashback #80s #NowAndthen #muvyz #muvyz071019 #MohnishBahl #LuliaVantur #SajidNadiadwala #WardakhanNadiadwala #daisyshah @manav.manglani A post shared by  muvyz.com (@muvyz) on Jul 10, 2019 at 10:33am PDT #SalmanKhan #SangeetaBijlani #Birthday #BollywoodFlashback #80s #NowAndthen #muvyz #muvyz071019 #MohnishBahl #LuliaVantur #SajidNadiadwala #WardakhanNadiadwala #daisyshah @manav.manglani A post shared by  muvyz.com (@muvyz) on Jul 10, 2019 at 10:33am PDT This is not the first time that Sangeeta and Salman are seen displaying a cordial relation despite a break up. When Sangeeta was said to be going through a rough phase in her marriage with cricketer Mohd Azharuddin, she was often spotted spending time with Salmans family. Sangeeta, who turned 59, dated Salman in his younger days. Sangeeta and Salman were in love in the late 80s and they even wanted to get married. Sangeeta and Salman were said to have met at a party in 1988, and later began dating. They also worked together for a commercial. View this post on Instagram           Once upon a time Follow @punjabiworldcinema #jayaprada #jeetendra #ektakapoor #tohfa #sridevi #bollywood #salmankhan #sangeetabijlani #pollywood #punjabiworldcinema #ajaydevgn #ajaydevgan #kajol #kapilsharma #nostalgia #bollywoodsongs #hindisongs #shilpashetty #nehakakkar #akshaykumar #parineetichopra #priyankachopra #shraddhakapoor #aliabhatt #saraalikhan #janhvikapoor #arjunkapoor #malaikaarorakhan A post shared by  Punjabi World Cinema (@punjabiworldcinema) on Jul 8, 2019 at 6:08am PDT Once upon a time Follow @punjabiworldcinema #jayaprada #jeetendra #ektakapoor #tohfa #sridevi #bollywood #salmankhan #sangeetabijlani #pollywood #punjabiworldcinema #ajaydevgn #ajaydevgan #kajol #kapilsharma #nostalgia #bollywoodsongs #hindisongs #shilpashetty #nehakakkar #akshaykumar #parineetichopra #priyankachopra #shraddhakapoor #aliabhatt #saraalikhan #janhvikapoor #arjunkapoor #malaikaarorakhan A post shared by  Punjabi World Cinema (@punjabiworldcinema) on Jul 8, 2019 at 6:08am PDT View this post on Instagram           A very happy birthday to gorgeous model/actress/former Miss India, Sangeeta Bijlani  #SangeetaBijlani with #SalmanKhan in an ad shoot. #hbd #happybirthday #model #actress #bollywoodactress #missindia #superstar #bhai #bhaijaan #adshoot #hindisong #hindifilm #hindimovie #hindicinema #bollywoodflashback #BombayBasanti @sangeetabijlani9 A post shared by  BombayBasanti (@bombaybasanti) on Jul 8, 2019 at 8:49pm PDT A very happy birthday to gorgeous model/actress/former Miss India, Sangeeta Bijlani  #SangeetaBijlani with #SalmanKhan in an ad shoot. #hbd #happybirthday #model #actress #bollywoodactress #missindia #superstar #bhai #bhaijaan #adshoot #hindisong #hindifilm #hindimovie #hindicinema #bollywoodflashback #BombayBasanti @sangeetabijlani9 A post shared by  BombayBasanti (@bombaybasanti) on Jul 8, 2019 at 8:49pm PDT According to reports, long back, Salman and Sangeeta had also decided on a date for the wedding  May 27, 1994. In a 1993 interview, Salman had said, Yes, I plan to marry. When the time comes I will. It could be to Sangeeta (Bijlani) or to anybody else. Even the wedding invites had reportedly been printed but Sangeeta called off the wedding after she allegedly found out that Salman was cheating on her with Somy Ali. Salman on a high as his latest offering  Bharat  has worked wonders at the box office. He will soon begin work on Sanjay Leela Bhansalis Inshallah. Alia Bhatt will be paired opposite Salman in the film. This will be the first time they will work together. He is also working on brother Arbaaz Khans Dabangg 3 which is being directed by Prabhudheva and stars Sonakshi Sinha, Kannada actor Sudeep and Nikitin Dheer, apart from Arbaaz, Dimple Kapadia and Pramod Khanna, late actor Vinod Khannas brother. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 11, 2019 09:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/sara-khan-calls-her-lip-filler-a-disaster-i-didn-t-like-my-look-at-that-time/story-43keuXG74oDHIjRTZ9Xm3I.html</url>
<title>Sara Khan calls her lip filler a disaster: I didnt like my look at that time</title>
<body >Television actor Sara Khan, best known as Sadhna from Sapna Babul Ka Bidaai, wanted to reinvent herself and opted for a lip filler. However, the cosmetic procedure backfired completely and was a disaster, according to her. In an interview with The Times of India, Sara opened up about her transformation gone wrong. I did not want to stay as Bidaais Sadhna my entire life. I wanted to be fit and be Sara Khan, she said, adding that she felt that the audience would accept her, just as they had accepted her character. So, I didnt think much about my transformation. I just started working out and concentrated on my fitness. I did not change my face, I am the same. Yes, of course I did the lip filler which was a disaster and it did not look good at all. It was very bad it didnt suit me at all. Mujhe apni khud ke lips pasand nahi aate the tab (I did not like my own lips back then) and I was waiting for it to dissolve. I didnt like my look at that time, she said. Also see: Virat Kohli aces 180-degree landings in first attempt, Arjun Kapoor hilariously trolls him. Watch video In early 2019, Sara was at the receiving end of much criticism for her bee-stung pout, but the trolling did not get to her. When you are a public figure you will get love and hate both. If there are good people, there will be bad people too. We all know that and we have to understand that everyone looks at you with love and positivity. Everyone is entitled to their opinion and you cant stop anyone from expressing their thoughts. There are a few people who get really rude to you and post harsh comments. Initially, they used to bother and affect me, but then I realised that they are faceless people. They dont even have real identities. They hide behind fake IDs and dont even have the guts to show their real face, she said, adding that she chooses to focus on the adulation that she receives. Sara has acted in shows such as Preet Se Bandhi Ye Dori Ram Milaayi Jodi, Sasural Simar Ka and Bhagyalaxmi. She also participated in the popular reality show Bigg Boss 4. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/rashami-desai-wows-in-dance-video-vishal-aditya-singh-drops-flirty-comment-watch/story-UXrhYDZxVNtPaCpSkAzO2M.html</url>
<title>Rashami Desai wows in dance video, Vishal Aditya Singh drops flirty comment. Watch</title>
<body >Rashami Desai has been giving her fans something to look forward to, during the lockdown, whether it is her stunning photoshoots or cute TikTok videos with her niece Bhavya. Recently, she put up a dance video in which she is seen grooving to the popular track Leja Leja. Compliments poured in for Rashami, as fans were blown away by her moves. However, what grabbed everyones attention was her Bigg Boss 13 co-contestant Vishal Aditya Singhs playful comment. Chalo phir (Lets go then), he wrote, followed by hug, heart-eyes and heart emojis. Vishals comment was a response to the lyrics of the song Rashami was dancing to - leja leja translates to take me away. View this post on Instagram            #ItsAllMagical #IAmMagic #RhythmicRashami #RashamiDesai  A post shared by  Rashami Desai (@imrashamidesai) on May 24, 2020 at 1:11am PDT  #ItsAllMagical #IAmMagic #RhythmicRashami #RashamiDesai  A post shared by  Rashami Desai (@imrashamidesai) on May 24, 2020 at 1:11am PDT Rashami and Vishal bonded during their Bigg Boss 13 stint and remain close friends even now. After the show ended, the two actors went out for lunch together and took a friendly dig at Sidharth Shukla. Sharing a video of them eating pasta, Rashami had written, Re-united with my #PastaChor. @vishalsingh713 #BiggBoss13 ke yaadein. Ps: @realsidharthshukla ji hum chor nahi hai. @bastianmumbai @lipstickjungly. View this post on Instagram           Re-united with my #PastaChor  @vishalsingh713 #BiggBoss13 ke yaadein  Ps: @realsidharthshukla ji hum chor nahi hai  @bastianmumbai @lipstickjungly A post shared by  Rashami Desai (@imrashamidesai) on Feb 23, 2020 at 2:18am PST Re-united with my #PastaChor  @vishalsingh713 #BiggBoss13 ke yaadein  Ps: @realsidharthshukla ji hum chor nahi hai  @bastianmumbai @lipstickjungly A post shared by  Rashami Desai (@imrashamidesai) on Feb 23, 2020 at 2:18am PST Also see: Virat Kohli aces 180-degree landings in first attempt, Arjun Kapoor hilariously trolls him. Watch video Meanwhile, Rashami has been fond of dancing ever since she was a little girl. In a recent interview, she said that her mother Rasila Desai, who raised her single-handedly, could not afford the fee of Rs 350 for her dance class. Rasila, who worked as a teacher in a government school, told the dance teacher that she could only afford a part of the fee as she was a single mother but requested him to take Rashami in the class. She got admission, on the condition that she would teach little kids when the instructor was unavailable. Rashami, who has acted in shows such as Pari Hoon Main, Uttaran and Dil Se Dil Tak, recently made an entry in the popular show Naagin 4. However, the shoot was stalled just a few days later, owing to the lockdown. Reports suggest that she will quit the show once the shoot resumes. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-confirms-2-members-of-his-household-staff-have-tested-positive-for-covid-19-says-he-and-his-family-are-safe-and-asymptomatic/story-ZfgxyUtHdvYKrhtoPtNkjN.html</url>
<title>Karan Johar confirms 2 members of his household staff have tested positive for Covid-19, says he and his family are safe</title>
<body >Karan Johar has revealed on Twitter that two members of his domestic staff have been diagnosed with Covid-19. He informed his fans and well-wishers that he and his family -- mother Hiroo and children Yash and Roohi -- as well as the rest of the staff is all safe and display no symptoms. Id like to inform you that 2 members of our household staff have tested positive for Covid-19. As soon as the symptoms were detected, they were put under quarantine in a section of our building. The BMC was informed immediately, and the building has been fumigated and sterilised by them as per the norms, he wrote. Also read: Vir Das neighbour sneezes on him during altercation, asks his dead parents to haunt actor. Watch video Karan and his family have tested negative for Covid-19. The rest of us in the family and the staff are all safe and display no symptoms. We have all taken the swab test this morning and have tested negative, but will remain in self isolation for the next 14 days for the safety of everyone around us. We stand by our commitment to safeguard everyone and have ensured that all measures prescribed by the authorities have been strictly adhered to, he wrote. pic.twitter.com/mjcsXZcQ0w Karan Johar (@karanjohar) May 25, 2020 pic.twitter.com/mjcsXZcQ0w We will also ensure that the best treatment and care is provided to them during the illness, and were sure that they will be fighting fit soon! These are difficult times but by staying in our homes and taking the right precautions, there is no doubt in my mind that we can defeat this virus. Stay home everyone and stay safe, he added. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 21:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-s-kids-yash-and-roohi-choose-their-favourite-playmate-between-taimur-and-abram-watch/story-4yP2Pzub7bhgGWz9DYa3zH.html</url>
<title>Karan Johars kids Yash and Roohi choose their favourite playmate between Taimur and AbRam, watch</title>
<body >Filmmaker Karan Johar held a rapid fire session with his kids - Yash and Roohi - in a new video shared by the filmmaker. Among other things, what is clear is that his kids have a clear Geet from Jab We Met fixation. In the video, Karan asks Yash: Who is most favourite person in this house? To this, Yash replies: Yash and Roohi. Karan then remarks, You are your own favourite people; you sound like Geet from Jab We Met. He then turns to Roohi and asks her, Who is the coolest person you know? She says something, which isnt very clear and later Karan repeats it - Neelam teacher from her play school. View this post on Instagram           Rapid fire with the only guests i can interview!!! Excuse the originality of my questions ... #lockdownwiththejohars A post shared by  Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 27, 2020 at 1:16am PDT Rapid fire with the only guests i can interview!!! Excuse the originality of my questions ... #lockdownwiththejohars A post shared by  Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 27, 2020 at 1:16am PDT To the question, Who is the most handsome person you know?, Roohi replies, Yash. Karan then asks Yash, Who is the prettiest girl you know? Pat comes Yashs reply: Roohi So much love for each other, remarks a happy Karan. The next question is about who would they like to play with -- Taimur Ali Khan or AbRam Khan? Roohi picks Taimur while Yash settles for AbRam. This is the latest from a long list of videos that Karan has shared over the period of last two months. However, not all has been happy at the Johar household. On Monday came the news that two members of their household staff testing positive for coronavirus. While the filmmaker and his family have tested negative, they will be in self-isolation for the next 14 days. On Monday, Karan issued a statement which read: I would like to inform you that two members of our household staff have tested positive for Covid-19. As soon as the symptoms were detected, they were put under quarantine in a section of our building. The BMC was informed immediately, and the building has been fumigated and sterilized by them as per the norms. Also read: Bhagyashree says a photographer once asked Salman Khan to catch and smooch her. His reply won her over The rest of us in the family and the staff are all safe and display no symptoms. We have all taken the swab test this morning, and have tested negative, but will remain in self isolation for the next 14 days for the safety of everyone around us. We stand by our commitment to safeguard everyone and have ensured that all measures prescribed by the authorities have been strictly adhered to. We will also ensure that the best treatment and care is provided to them during the illness, and we are sure that they will be fighting fit soon. These are difficult times but by staying in our homes and taking the right precautions, there is no doubt in my mind that we can defeat this virus. Stay home everyone and stay safe. (WithIANSinputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/anushka-sharma-screams-with-joy-in-brother-karnesh-sharma-s-lap-see-their-childhood-photo/story-wUKsU73apnTZAPTytwznVO.html</url>
<title>Anushka Sharma screams with joy in brother Karnesh Sharmas lap, see their childhood photo</title>
<body >Anushka Sharma has shared an unseen childhood picture of herself and is seen as a baby sitting on the lap of her elder brother Karnesh Sharma. The brother and sister duo are currently basking in the success of their production, Paatal Lok. Anushka shared the picture on Instagram with just a heart emoji in the caption. It shows an around a year-old Anushka playfully screaming in the lap of her brother, who holds her tight to make her sit in one place. Some other family members also seem to be standing around them. The picture got a lot of love on Instagram with more than 130000 likes within a few minutes. A fan commented, Wowww cuteee, another wrote, so sweet. Anushka and Karnesh recently delivered their debut web show, Paatal Lok, made under their production house Clean Slate Films. The actor is over the moon with the positive response to the show and doesnt just want to credit any particular thing and says its everyones victory together. She said that she and her brother Karnesh, right from the beginning, were always inspired by the work that was happening throughout the world. When we were making the show we werent thinking of it to be the best show, we were just trying to tell a story and we just wanted to stay true to the story. Today when the show is getting appreciated on these lines it makes us feel very happy that it is being called the best show that India has ever produced. Anushka told IANS. Also read: Milind Somans wife Ankita Konwar wishes Eid with an adorable photo: The only thing thats changed is our hair On being asked if she is gearing up for the second season, the actor told PTI, You have to wait and watch to know more about season two. I dont want to divulge too much but lets just say its quite possible. Its too early to talk about it but yes if Amazon is willing to do it, definitely there will be a second season. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/virat-kohli-aces-180-degree-landings-in-first-attempt-arjun-kapoor-hilariously-trolls-him-watch-video/story-Gqs3UYpxf7zDWIBHC4YAkO.html</url>
<title>Virat Kohli aces 180-degree landings in first attempt, Arjun Kapoor hilariously trolls him. Watch video</title>
<body >Cricketer Virat Kohli shared a new workout video on his Instagram account, in which he is seen nailing 180-degree landings in his very first attempt. My first shot at 180 landings. Top exercise, he captioned the clip, which has already garnered more than 4 million views. Netizens were impressed with Virat and compliments poured in from many fans in the comments section. However, actor Arjun Kapoor took the opportunity to hilariously troll him. Bhangra paa le, he commented. I needed this laugh in quarantine time so badly, one Instagram user wrote, in response to Arjuns comment. Another wrote, Baat toh tumhari bhi theek hai (You have a point there). View this post on Instagram           My first shot at 180 landings. Top exercise  A post shared by  Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli) on May 26, 2020 at 7:55am PDT My first shot at 180 landings. Top exercise  A post shared by  Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli) on May 26, 2020 at 7:55am PDT Arjun often trolls other celebrities. Recently, he teased Katrina Kaif as he announced the arrival of mango season, making a reference to her popular advertisement for a mango drink. He even requested her to arrange mangoes for him and joked that he would eat em with as much luv as (her). Meanwhile, Arjun has been isolating with his sister Anshula Kapoor at their home in Mumbai. During an Instagram live last month, he described his daily routine during the lockdown, which includes watching television, working out and going for walks on his terrace. Also read | Happy birthday AbRam: These photos of Shah Rukh Khans son with Aryan, Suhana, Gauri prove he is familys darling Arjuns next release is Dibakar Banerjees much-delayed thriller Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar, which reunites him with his Ishaqzaade co-star Parineeti Chopra. The film was scheduled to release in March, but has been indefinitely postponed in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. Yash Raj Films said in a statement, Given the coronavirus (Covid-19) outbreak in the country, we have decided to postpone the release of Dibakar Banerjees Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar. The health and safety of everyone is of utmost importance at this time. Rumour has it that Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar might have a direct digital release but there has been no official confirmation from the makers. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/i-m-a-little-heartbroken-jennifer-lopez-on-summer-wedding-with-alex-rodriguez-getting-postponed-due-to-covid-19/story-wZxVfJQwG0pKFXSlCIneIK.html</url>
<title>Im a little heartbroken: Jennifer Lopez on summer wedding with Alex Rodriguez getting postponed due to Covid-19</title>
<body >Singer Jennifer Lopez was looking forward to exchanging marital vows with fianc, former Yankees star Alex Rodriguez, but the global Covid-19 pandemic threw their plans completely out of gear. Rumour has it that the couple had planned a grand summer wedding in Italy. On the Today Show, Jennifer said that it was disappointing but she and Alex were forced to stall the wedding indefinitely. When asked about the wedding date, she said, Nobody knows. Really, theres no planning right now. You just have to kind of wait and see how this all plays out. Its disappointing on one level, you know, after the Super Bowl and after World of Dance, after we finished filming it, I planned to take time off, which is what were doing kind of right now, but at the same timewe had a lot of plans for this summer, and this year but, everythings kinda on hold right now. View this post on Instagram           Locking it down.  #futuremrsrodriguez A post shared by  Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Mar 12, 2019 at 9:16am PDT Locking it down.  #futuremrsrodriguez A post shared by  Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Mar 12, 2019 at 9:16am PDT View this post on Instagram           When the headlines look like this, its so important to hug the ones you love a little tighter and tell them how much you love them. #LifeIsPrecious #Grateful #SundayMood A post shared by  Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on May 17, 2020 at 10:08am PDT When the headlines look like this, its so important to hug the ones you love a little tighter and tell them how much you love them. #LifeIsPrecious #Grateful #SundayMood A post shared by  Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on May 17, 2020 at 10:08am PDT Also read | Happy birthday AbRam: These photos of Shah Rukh Khans son with Aryan, Suhana, Gauri prove he is familys darling With their summer wedding cancelled, Jennifer is a little heartbroken but is hoping that God has better things in store for her and Alex. She said, Im a little heartbroken because we did have some great plans but Im also like, you know what? God has a bigger plan so we just have to wait and see. Maybe its going to be better. I have to believe that it will be. Jennifer and Alex began dating in 2017 and got engaged in March last year. She was previously married to Ojani Noa from 1997 to 1998, Chris Judd from 2001 to 2003 and Marc Anthony from 2004 to 2014. Currently, Jennifer and Alex are self-isolating at their Miami home with their respective chilren: her 12-year-old twins Max and Emme and his daughters Natasha and Ella. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/inside-alia-bhatt-s-purrfect-day-with-her-cat-edward-see-pics-video/story-8C4ls2AapyAW101IWDxjPP.html</url>
<title>Inside Alia Bhatts purrfect day with her cat Edward. See pics, video</title>
<body >Alia Bhatt has shared adorable glimpses of her cat named Edward as she spent time grooming the furball. She shared a video from the grooming session at home and a few more pictures as she goofed around with the cat. Alia shared a video where she can be seen combing the cats fur as it sits quitely for its grooming session.  The actor also shared a picture of Edward sleeping on the floor besides a guitar and captioned it, thats it for today! She posted another picture of the cat as it stared at Alia attentively and wrote, May I help you? Alia is currently staying with boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor at his residence amid lockdown. She had moved to his house to spend her time in quarantine with him. The two have been regularly visiting his mother Neetu after the death of his father and veteran actor Rishi Kapoor. Alia recently said that she cannot wait for the lockdown to get over because she is excited about sitting in her new office for meetings and script reading sessions. The actor has collaborated with art director Rupin Suchak, whom she met on the sets of her 2016 film Dear Zindagi, to create the interior design of her office. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Rupin got the pulse of what I wanted to do with my office. He got the brief spot-on and effortlessly. The space is now an extension of my personality and that is exactly how I had envisaged. He has made the place look more spacious, included a surprise element or two breaking monotony, yet giving it an overlay of serenity and cosiness, Alia said. I still remember Alia being specific about how she wants certain things, but her one-line brief was that the place should have a very happy-go-lucky feel with unconventional and graphic art corners around, recalled Rupin. So, he went for a boho flair. We added a lot of Turkish colour palettes to the space which had a muted neutral base. Floor pillows, leather poufs, and comfortable chairs definitely add to the cosy atmospheres of boho interiors. This office space in a way was a great opportunity for her to express her love of art and design, the interior designer said. (With IANS inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/my-problem-with-bumrah-is-ian-bishop-concerned-with-india-pacer-s-longevity/story-cdu0PYooTwdhE8h0xoozTL.html</url>
<title>He is an entire package: Ian Bishop heaps praise on Indian bowler</title>
<body >Jasprit Bumrah has changed the dynamics of Indian bowling department in the last few years. His ability to constantly trouble the batsmen with his deceptive pace and swing has quickly propelled him to the top of the bowlers rankings. If there is talk about the best fast bowlers in the world right now then Bumrah is sure to be in that debate. Bumrahs consistency to bowl at decisive lines and take wickets has made him unmovable player in the Indian cricket team. Bumrah instills fear in the mind of the batsmen, Former West Indies fast-bowler Ian Bishop has heaped praise on Bumrah and referred to him as a generational talent. Bishop feels Bumrah is a completely different fast-bowler with respect to yesteryear superstars. According to Bishop, Bumrahs ability to generate rapid pace despite having a short-up is completely different to that of former speedsters who ruled the roost during his era. Bumrah has been leading Indias bowling attack for a while now and was the No.1 ranked ODI bowler in the world for a considerable amount of time before injury stalled his progress a bit. I grew up on the history of the game and coming through, I had this whole concept of a fast bowler as someone with a long flowing run; someone like Wes Hall, Sir Richard Hadlee, Dennis Lillee, the Marshalls, the Holdings, so on and so forth. And Jasprit is exactly the opposite: it is a stuttering, short run, Bishop told Cricbuzz. Also Read | Saw Tendulkar close his eyes while facing Akhtars bouncers: Asif Until today, Im amazed as to where the pace comes from. And he has got a serious skill set. The way he swung the ball in the Caribbean, for example, and the way he can up his pace and still apply control to it. And then when I hear him speak about the game and break the game down, there I see a generational talent. Once he can stay fit, he is an entire package, he added. Earlier, another West Indies fast-bowling great Michael Holding had raised concerns regarding Bumrahs fitness, considering his small run-up. Holding had urged Bumrah to take care of his body as he has to put a lot of effort to generate that kind of pace and bounce. Jasprit is a little bit quicker, he hits the deck hard. People always talk about bowlers who hit the deck and bowlers who skid the ball off the surface, Holding said on Sony Ten Pit Stop show in a video uploaded on their Facebook page. My problem with Bumrah is... and I mentioned it to him the last time I saw him in England... is how long that body is going to hold up with that short run-up and the effort he has to put him in his bowling. Its a human body and not a machine. (with IANS inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/can-t-play-both-at-the-same-time-how-yuzvendra-chahal-prioritised-cricket-over-chess/story-iHTW2bg4TqZNNnEBNRfRFK.html</url>
<title>Cant play both at the same time, How Yuzvendra Chahal prioritised cricket over chess</title>
<body >India legspinner Yuzvendra Chahal has revealed the difficulties he faced as a youngster in balancing chess and cricket and the circumstance that led to him picking up cricket as a career. Chahal, before carving a career for India in cricket was a brilliant chess player, participating in Nationals and representing India at the World Youth Chess Championship. But as the ventured into cricket, Chahal struggled to strike a balance between the two sports and made up his mind to concentrate on one. Also Read | He spoilt his name, Mohammad Kaif on why Greg Chappell wasnt as respected as John Wright I played my first nationals of Chess in 1998 and at that time I was playing cricket as well. You cant play both sports at the same time. For Chess, you need 10  12 hours of training and then 6  8 hours for cricket was getting very difficult. So, when I came back from the World Cup, I told my father I will focus only on cricket. Chahal told S Badrinath on the show Mind Masters by MFORE on Star Sports. Also Read | Your career will be over: Curtly Ambrose recalls when he threatened to knock out Steve Waugh Reports have surfaced that not finding sponsors somewhat played a role in Chahal leaving behind a career in chess. However, as Chahal has become an integral part of Indias limited-overs setup, the legspinner reckons there are certain similarities between cricket and chess believing patience plays a key role in both these sports. In chess you require a lot of patience as every match is about 6  7 hours and youre playing sitting at one place without speaking much. Similarly, in cricket you sometimes bowl so well but dont get wickets. So, you have to be patient and keep it in your mind that you are bowling well and youll probably get wickets in the next spell, he mentioned. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/shashank-manohar-to-step-down-as-icc-chairman-after-current-term/story-cErq8IfjFTolJAuUiXkAdM.html</url>
<title>Shashank Manohar to step down as ICC chairman after current term</title>
<body >International Cricket Council (ICC) chairman Shashank Manohar is to step down when his term ends this year, the governing body said on Wednesday. The ICC is set to discuss the process to elect its new chief at its board meeting on Thursday with media reports saying that the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) chief Colin Graves is favourite to fill the post. No final decision was taken regarding the election process and the subject will be discussed further at the next ICC Board meeting on Thursday, the ICC said in a statement. The existing Chair confirmed he was not seeking any extension to his term but would support the board to ensure a smooth transition. The ICC president used to head the board of directors but the position largely became honorary after constitutional changes in 2014 saw the creation of the chairmans post. But Manohar initiated further reforms in 2016 and became the first independent chairman of the governing body with no formal links to any other countrys board. The position of the ICC president was also abolished then. Prominent Indian lawyer Manohar was unanimously elected on a two-year term but resigned for personal reasons in March, 2017, only to defer his resignation a week later. He was re-elected unopposed for a second two-year term in 2018. The new chairman is set to formally take over when the ICCs annual general meeting is held at the end of July. The name of Sourav Ganguly, the president of the powerful Indian cricket board (BCCI), has also made the rounds with Cricket South Africa director Graeme Smith backing the former India captain to take over the reins of the ICC. BCCI treasurer Arun Singh Dhumal told Reuters that the board had not discussed the matter yet but is open to Ganguly succeeding Manohar, provided there is consensus on it. BCCI has not taken any call on fielding anyone from India for the job, Dhumal said. The election process has not started yet. Once election date is announced, well discuss with all cricket boards and take a call. Ideally there should be a consensus candidate so that there is no election as world cricket is facing a big problem because of the pandemic. To resolve it, everyone has to come together. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/wicketkeepers-need-to-be-given-a-consistent-run-parthiv-patel/story-pFTtJxxa36TlWjX4r3ufLJ.html</url>
<title>Wicketkeepers need to be given a consistent run: Parthiv Patel</title>
<body >Veteran wicketkeeper-batsman Parthiv Patel feels Indias young keepers should be given a consistent run to secure their place in the national team, something which has not been happening of late. While Wriddhiman Saha has been a regular in Tests, India currently do not have a fixed wicket-keeper in limited-overs cricket with KL Rahul recently taking over duties from Rishabh Pant, who is a regular squad member but not a sure starter anymore. I dont think we are not getting any fixed wicketkeeper. We have KS Bharat for India A... Rishabh Pant or KL Rahul... Saha is your number 1 Test wicketkeeper. But I genuinely feel we can get a bit more consistency so that you have the assurance, Patel said during an Instagram chat. Everyone has it in them ... Its about getting a bit more consistent run. Talking about the evolution of wicket-keeping, Patel, who last played a Test for India in 2018, said: I think wicket-keepers are all-rounders. You have to keep a mindset that youre a pure batsman and not a wicketkeeper. If you think your job will be done by just scoring 30-odd runs and then will keep. It will not happen anymore. There has been an evolution totally. People want your wicketkeeper to score runs. You can then play with five bowlers in a Test. You will have more chances of getting 20 wickets. Stressing on the importance of striking a balance between scoring runs and keeping, Patel said: When I was on the Australia tour (in 2018), (MSK) Prasad was chairman, I had told him that when a wicketkeeper comes to team its only because of his runs he scored but when he is dropped its because of poor keeping. You have to strike the right balance. You have to keep that mindset. The 35-year-old has played for four-time IPL champions Mumbai Indians in the past and is currently with Virat Kohli-led Royal Challengers Bangalore, who are yet to win the title. Im with them for three years now. Like any other team we go with the mindset that we will win this year... when you are not successful pressure increases, Patel said. Wicket-keeper has a 360-degree view, personally Ive experience of leading domestic side for 10-15 years. I always tell Virat (Kohli) whatever I feel, same with Rohit earlier. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/esha-gupta-on-dealing-with-acl-injury-whatever-i-had-earned-in-beginning-i-spent-it-on-physios-took-a-year-to-recover/story-2RznI6iREla1MDu2ZFBaeN.html</url>
<title>Esha Gupta on dealing with ACL injury: Whatever I had earned in beginning, I spent it on physios, took a year to recover</title>
<body >Esha Gupta just made her digital debut with the second season of Goldie Bahls web show, Rejctx. The Baadshaho actor plays a stylish cop in the school drama, which boasts of a young starcast. The actor may not be delivering multiple films but is content with one project a year. She has her reasons for maintaining her own pace in the industry, having recovered from a painful ACL injury and looking for strong roles that catch her interest. In a candid interview with Hindustan Times, the actor opened up about her new project, her college life and how she took a year to recover from the injury that forced her to stay off work. Watch: Esha Gupta talks about Rejctx 2, films, fitness, family  Ask her about playing a cop all over again in Rejctx 2, again after her last film One Day: Justice Delivered, and she replies promptly, I dont care if Im doing the same role over and over again. Look at Akshay Kumar! He was Khiladi, Khiladi International. It doesnt matter if its a strong role. I love doing strong roles because thats how I feel. I love playing characters which are not the conventional heroine roles and thats something that really excites me, especially on web where you get more chances to do such roles as it has different kind of content then cinema. While Rejctx revolves around a group of elite kids enrolled at an international school and their rivalry, Esha herself has some fond memories of her college days. When I was at Newcastle University in London, my life was fun as all of us used to travel a lot and had so many experiences together. I was doing three jobs to be able to pay for my education because I had gone on a scholarship, which is just a discount and it doesnt cover all other expenses. But that made me the person I am and I feel blessed. Looking at the year gone by, Esha was seen in two projects. Besides One Day, the actor was also part of the multi-starrer comedy Total Dhamaal that went on to gross over Rs 150 crore at the box office. Her earlier work includes Rustom and Baadshaho. In the meanwhile, Esha also featured in a South film. I keep doing a lot of work, its just 2014-15 when I did less work. Also read: Esha Gupta on being called gareebon ki Angelina Jolie: Yeah, but youre calling yourself gareeb there Esha slowed down during the period to recover from a knee injury and ended up blowing her earning on the treatment. Opening up about the problem, she says, ACL (anterior cruciate ligament) injury is very bad but I was determined about was not getting a surgery because thats something I am very scared of. I couldnt do a lot of work because it involves a lot of dancing, wearing heels and being on your feet. It was a very bad situation, I ended up gaining a little weight as I could not move. It took almost a year to recover because I was only doing physiotherapy. I think whatever I had earned in the beginning; I spent all of it on physios. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 8, 2020 at 7:46am PDT A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 8, 2020 at 7:46am PDT Indian doctors are really amazing, people from all over the world come to India. Im hypermobile, have a gut problem and I fall sick easily. I really take care of myself because thats the way of life. People think it comes easily to me but I work out so much so I dont break. When youre hyper mobile, you need to work out extra so that your body is maintained and you dont get injured. Its a very weird situation with me. But now its fine because I realize I have great doctors to take care of me and now I know how to control it. So the best thing about lockdown is that you are sitting at home, you just need a mat and you can do yoga, she adds. (Author tweets @ruchik87) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 15:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/girija-shankar-on-playing-dhritrashtra-in-mahabharat-at-age-of-28-i-trained-myself-to-look-straight-was-asked-to-try-lenses/story-8GIOZWn9iuSN6aEWscQTOK.html</url>
<title>Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses</title>
<body >Girija Shankar is better known as Dhritrashtra from the hit BR Chopra show, Mahabharat. However, not many know that the actor was just 28 when he played the visually challenged father of the Kaurvas and sported a white beard. Girija says that while he was apprehensive about playing an old man on screen at such a young age, he understood the importance of the character after he read about it. The actor is now in his 60s and settled in Los Angeles but travels to India for work, which mainly comprises Punjabi films. In a video interview from Los Angeles, Girija told Hindustan Times about how he went on to play the character of Dhritrashtra and much more. Excerpts: Watch: Girija Shankar opens up on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat What were the challenges of playing Dhritrashtra? The challenges were many, probably more than any other character. This was the only character who had a conflict within him throughout, till the last frame of Mahabharat. The reason he had so many challenges was because he was blind and he was denied the throne which was rightfully his. He was always in a dilemma about what he should and shouldnt do. Were you not apprehensive of playing an old man at the age of 28? I was definitely apprehensive when this role was offered to me because people knew very little about the importance of Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat. One day, everybody was sitting around a big table in the office and I told them why dont you give it to me. They said, we only want you to play this role because this has something more than any other character and I trusted them. They said, dont worry, take this book, on which the show was based. I started reading and after 4-5 days, I realized this is actually the major character because Mahabharat begins with him and ends with him, everybody else comes later. The conflict begins with Dhritrashtra in episode 6 when he is introduced, and is denied the throne in the next episode. The conflict continued even after the war. He tried to kill Bheem as he was still very, very angry. If Krishna hadnt mediated, he would have killed Bheem. Did you face any difficulty shooting for the show? The only thing I was a little concerned about was that I had to maintain the same look and the same posture for more than two years. I used to get very tired because I had to train my eyes to look straight and sometimes used to take a little break in between shots. How were you selected for the role? Before Mahabharat, I had acted in one of Chopras movies, Aaj Ki Awaz, starring Raj Babbar and Smita Patil. Before that, I was doing theater and Chopra saab (show creator BR Chopra) and his family used to come and watch our plays at Prithvi Theatre in Mumbai. He appreciated one of my plays and remembered me as my character. So when he was making Aaj Ki Aawaz, he specially called for me to play a small but good role. He also gave me a good role in Bahadur Shah Zafar, which he made before Mahabharat. Share your favourite memory from the show. For some of the scenes, Ravi Chopra used to ask me Girija, tell me how you want to do the scene? How you will you move and act the whole scene, so as you move, I will set the shot accordingly. Thats a great honour for any actor. We had shot first six episodes two years before the show was actually telecasted. When they envisioned the look of Dhritrashtra, they suggested that I should wear lenses to look blind. I was in two minds because it was a long process so I told them let me do it naturally. Fortunately, after the first shot, Ravi came and hugged me and said, you are perfectly alright, I am very happy, nothing else to do. Tell us more about your other projects. I was doing a lot of other work before and after Mahabharat. Fortunately, the image didnt stick with me. I did Buniyaad before Mahabharat and Uttaran is one of my other Hindi work. I mostly work in Punjabi movies so I go to India, shoot and come back. Work keeps me travelling from Los Angeles to Mumbai to Punjab. What keeps you busy during lockdown? I am writing my scripts, which I plan to shoot in future. I have my production house in LA and we are starting a few productions. One was about to go on the floors before the coronavirus pandemic and we hope to resume once its all over. I produced and directed a film Banana Brothers in Los Angeles 17-18 years ago. The kind of work I want to do, I find it more comfortable here as we can express and work the way we want. There are some restrictions at home, sometimes we do something and we get stuck in controversies regarding what to show, what not to show. Here it is more liberal and you can do whatever you want. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/three-of-6-affected-zones-in-chandigarh-lose-containment-tag/story-wKh8hRj9LdshdtxhEztZfJ.html</url>
<title>Three of 6 affected zones in Chandigarh lose containment tag</title>
<body >Reaching a major milestone in the fight against coronavirus disease in Chandigarh, the UT administration on Wednesday decided to remove the containment tag from three of the six zones. UT administrator VPS Badnore approved the end of containment operations in Sector 38 from May 27, Sector 52 from May 28 and Shastri Nagar in Manimajra from May 31. A committee comprising municipal commissioner, district magistrate, senior superintendent of police, director health services, sub-divisional magistrate (east), state surveillance officer and superintendent of police recommended the de-containment of the three areas. COMPLETED 28-DAY CONDITION As per the central governments guidelines, a containment zone can be denotified only if no new case of Covid-19 is reported in the locality for 28 days. The last positive Covid-19 case in Sector 38 was on April 29, and no new case has been reported in Sector 52 since April 30. At Shastri Nagar, Manimajra, the last infection was reported on May 2. Sector 38 completed the 28-day period on May 26, Sector 52 on May 27 and Shashtri Nagar will complete it on May 31. There are no active cases in any of these localities. All the six containment zones combined have 242 cases. Sector 38 and Sector 52 had reported three positive cases each, and Shastri Nagar had one. ALL RELAXATIONS TO BE INTRODUCED Being containment zones, these localities were completely sealed, and no movement was allowed inside and from inside to outside except for essential and emergency services. All relaxations announced in the city from time to time, which were earlier not allowed in these zones, will be allowed now. In fact, barricades were removed from Sector 38 on Wednesday. However, screening, surveillance and strict monitoring of the health of residents will continue in the three zones. Further, regular sanitisation measures will be undertaken by municipal authorities. Random samples of fresh suspect cases, if any, will be taken and reported to the administration. Social gathering in the area will continue to remain restricted as per the guidelines issued by the Government of India, and necessary social distancing, mask wearing and hygiene will be strictly enforced. UT adviser Manoj Kumar Parida said: We are thankful to the residents for following social distance norms and due hygiene so that there was no positive case in last 28 days. If other pockets also do the same , Chandigarh will be corona-free soon. Hari Prakash, a resident of the containment zone in Sector 52, said: We are relieved that it is finally over. We can now save our jobs, and move around freely, but  we are fearful of the social stigma as we move out. There was severe mental harassment for the past month. RELIEF FOR 1,600 PEOPLE Among the denotified zones, Sector 52 has 46 houses with 250 people Shastri Nagar in Manimajra had eight houses in the containment zone with 160 people EWS Colony in Sector 38  had the maximum affected population of 1,200 residing in 250 houses THREE CONTAINMENT ZONES LEFT Bapu Dham Colony, Sector 26, with 209 positive cases continues to be the epicentre of the disease in the city, accounting for 74% of the total cases and 98% of the active Parts of Sector 30 with 22 cases and Kacchi Colony, Dhanas, with four positive cases will remain containment zones No positive case has been reported in Kacchi Colony since May 5 and in Sector 30B since May 7 </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/toddler-tries-to-wake-up-dead-mother-at-bihar-railway-station/story-AjUSDiaTK3Is9kjTaiYGPN.html</url>
<title>Toddler tries to wake up dead mother at Bihar railway station</title>
<body >A toddlers vain attempt to wake up his dead mother from eternal sleep on a railway platform in Bihars Muzaffarpur on Wednesday presented the most poignant picture of the massive migrant tragedy unfolding across several states. A video tweeted by Sanjay Yadav, an aide to RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav, shows the child walking unsteadily up to his mothers body, tugging at the blanket placed over her, and when failing to wake her up, covering his own head with it. As the mother still lay still, he wobbles away from her, announcements continuing in the background about the arrival and departure of trains that would bring in tens of thousands of people in a rush to get away from hunger and hardship they face in large cities that could sustain them no more. This small child doesnt know that the bedsheet with which he is playing is the shroud of his mother who has gone into eternal sleep. This mother died of hunger and thirst after being on a train for four days. Who is responsible for these deaths on trains? Shouldnt the opposition ask uncomfortable questions? tweeted Yadav. Also read | Migrants kid dies as father hunts for milk at railway station However, police had a different story to tell. Ramakant Upadhyay, the Dy SP of the Government Railway Police in Muzaffarpur, said the incident occurred on May 25 when the migrant woman was on way to Muzaffarpur from Ahmedabad by a Shramik Special train. He told reporters the woman, who was accompanied by her sister and brother-in-law, had died on the Madhubani bound train. My sister-in-law died suddenly on the train. We did not face any problem getting food or water, the officer said, quoting the deceaseds brother-in-law who he did not name. He said on getting information, poice brought down the body and sent it for postmortem. Citing the brother-in-law of the deceased, Upadhyay said she was aged 35 years and was undergoing treatment for some disease for the last one year in Ahmedabad. She was also mentally unstable, he said. When persistently queried about the cause of death, he said,Only doctors can tell. A massive exodus of migrant workers is on in several parts of the country, unprecedented in magnitude since Partition. The humanitarian crisis still unfolding on highways and railway platforms has shone light on disturbing tales of entire families walking hundreds of kilometres with little children on foot in a seemingly endless march to escape hunger. People have been found travelling on trucks and in the hollow of concrete mixing plants, and in many cases, dying from hunger and exhaustion before reaching their destinations. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/quarantine-fitness-train-like-karan-oberoi/story-VdqOQhpd96dsPDtrIfafKO.html</url>
<title>Quarantine fitness: Train like Karan Oberoi</title>
<body >Model Karan Oberoi, who is currently staying in his Delhi home because of the lockdown, has been working out with home equipments, in the absence of gym. The model shares that one can still stay fit and maintain six-pack abs by doing home exercises with the help of a few things around. He has replaced dumbbells with bricks and using the pillars of his house to do pull ups. To keep him motivated, his sister Ishween Sahiba helps him with the work out session. Planning to launch his fitness label KO Fitness soon, he shares tips that can keep you chiselled with the help of home equipments. Heres how you can maintain your body while quarantining at home: 1. Pushups A different variety of pushups can help you target all muscle groups without taking the help of weights. a) Traditional pushup: The basic starting point where you bound to get more pressure on chest thus helps in chest workout. b) Wide-grip pushup: It engages the shoulders more. c) Close-grip pushup: It engages the triceps more. d) Clap pushup: It improves power, general strength, and explosiveness. e) Dead-stop pushup: It helps in losing a lot of calories and keeps you slim. 2. On spot jumps Karan Oberoi  aka KO does almost 10 sets of jumps, each set has 200 counts on the floor which is as good as running on a treadmill. It allows the body to keep in shape as it gives enormous shake also helps in extensive sweating, he says. He often increases the speed and intensity of jumps to amplify its effect. Easier to do while being at home. 3. High intensity sprints on terrace He uses the terrace of his house to run around from one corner to another with full speed, stopping for a while and then starting again with the same speed. High intensity sprints lead to weight loss. Interval training is more effective and efficient at promoting weight loss. 4. Weightlifting hacks KO has been using bricks instead of dumbbells while doing lifting exercises. Another hack is using is that of using water pipelines on his roof to do pull ups. 5. Watch your diet Its also very important that you keep a watch on what you eat such as eating foods that are not high on sugar and salt. As such foods can give water retention. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/menstrual-hygiene-day-2020-do-i-really-need-periods/story-GK05h3wh4ILP3qtwngDbXL.html</url>
<title>Menstrual Hygiene Day 2020: Do I really need periods?</title>
<body >Its one of those days. You are on a period and it is heavy and painful. You dont feel like going for work. But you have an important meeting and cannot possibly miss it. You drag yourself out of bed, down a few pain killers and rush to work. Minutes before the meeting you discover that you have stained your dress. The day couldnt get worse. Sounds familiar? Welcome to the world of over 355 million menstruating women in India. Why do women have periods? Imagine a life without periods - no bleeding, no pain, no sanitary napkins and no tampons .freedom. Before you get too carried away with that utopian thought  have you ever wondered why the female species has menses? Well, because we are special of course! Every month the womb prepares for a possible pregnancy and when this does not happen it sheds the lining of the womb which results in a period or menses. This usually happens once a month and a woman bleeds on an average for 5 days. The normal cycle varies from 21 to 35 days and the bleeding can last from 2 to 7 days. So, having a regular period most often indicates that a woman is ovulating every month. So ladies the next time you moan about your periods remember it is your monthly reminder that you are capable of having a baby! Menstrual abnormalities Some women may experience variations in their cycles. Bleeding may be heavy (changing 5 - 6 or more fully soaked pads/day), painful or irregular. These variations may be a result of a hormone imbalance, growths (non-cancerous) in the uterus called fibroids or polyps or occasionally in an older woman a sign of cancer. Most commonly, heavy and prolonged periods can cause a low blood count otherwise known as anaemia. This can cause tiredness, weakness and an inability to perform day to day activities optimally. If you have problems with your periods dont just put up with them but go and see your gynaecologist. You owe it to yourself to be healthy. Menstruation through the ages Although women have always menstruated, there is only sporadic mention of this for thousands of years.Through the ages, menstruation has never been discussed openly. It has been associated in turn with witches, magic, shame and taboo. And it is not surprising that even today most women in our country do not talk freely about it.In some communities in India women, during a period are not allowed to enter places of worship, cook food or participate in socio cultural activities. All this and more perpetrates the myth that menstruation is impure and the body is cursed during this time. Menstrual hygiene Have you ever wondered what women did before the sanitary pad or the tampon was invented. It is believed (although this has not been proven) that the clever Egyptians and Greeks used papyrus and lint wrapped around a stick to use as a tampon. Some over time used rags and the rest just bled through their clothes and continued to wear the same dress for the length of their period! So much for menstrual hygiene! The modern sanitary napkin was not invented until the late 19th century and the tampon came into being onlyin the early 20th century. But many women in the developing world continue to use cloth or rags as they cannot afford menstrual hygiene products. May 28  is recognised as Menstrual Hygiene Day. Many of you probably do not know that 15  40% of girls in the developing world do not attend school during their periods. This is due to lack of access to sanitary napkins, toilets, sanitation and adequate privacy. In rural schools, female teachers, during their periods, perform less efficiently for similar lack of infrastructure and tend to take leave or go home early.In recent times, there have been several NGOs involved in spreading awareness and helping women manage their periods with dignity. Even in the cities and metros, access to clean toilets is a luxury. Not all work places may be period friendly and stepping out of the comfort of ones home during this time continues to be a challenge for most women. Menarche and menopause mark the start and the end of periods in a womans lifetime. In many cultures the onset of the first period is announced and celebrated. And yet it is the same period that condemns her to a life of impurity and isolation for those few days. I would like to leave you with a few lines from Gloria Steinems  If men could menstruate: What would happen, for instance, if suddenly, magically, men could menstruate and women could not? The answer is clearmenstruation would become an enviable, boast-worthy, masculine event: Men would brag about how long and how much. Boys would mark the onset of menses, that longed-for proof of manhood, with religious ritual and stag parties. Congress would fund a National Institute of Dysmenorrhea to help stamp out monthly discomforts. Sanitary supplies would be federally funded and free. Dr Prathima Reddy MBBS, MRCOG (London), FRCOG (London), FACOG (USA), Director, Senior Obstetrician and Gynaecologist- Fortis La Femme Hospital, Richmond Road Bangalore) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/menstrual-hygiene-day-2020-to-attain-menstrual-health-we-require-community-involvement/story-YBlwqRHfWqTucGzcW1T7vJ.html</url>
<title>Menstrual Hygiene Day 2020: To attain menstrual health, we require community involvement</title>
<body >Menstruation is a normal biological process, which is the key in maintaining the reproductive well being of a woman. Myths and taboos in the society have resulted in a high level of secrecy about the basic menstruation facts -- leading to shame and exclusion for women and girls.Inaccessible washing and limited information and materials are barriers for women and girls with disabilities managing their menstruation hygienically and with dignity. Ironically, while pregnancy is a celebratory topic, menstruation is still considered as a dark phase, which is supposed to be dealt secretly. A mother discussing the same with her adolescent daughter at menarche is a hush hush topic and, in some cases, adolescent girls, find themselves surprised and scared by a natural event. Regressive socio-cultural norms pertaining to menstruation are responsible for the use of unhygienic products to manage periods instead of safer and clean sanitary napkins.About 80 per cent of Indian women dont use the most basic form of menstrual protection available,resulting in missing out on school,work as well as daily work commitments. To add to that not keeping a proper menstrual hygiene can lead to health risk well. According to studies some reproductive infections in Indian women are caused by poor menstrual hygiene, putting them in grave health risks if adequate sanitary measures are not taken. Menstrual blood are breeding grounds for several bacteria like Salmonella, Staphylococcus and E. coli. These bacteria can multiply rapidly in the reproductive tract starting from the cervix and upwards. They can enter the bloodstream directly from the mucosal membrane which is highly permeable. This can lead to sepsis and related complication. Urinary tract infection is the most common form of infection that is present in women practising poor menstrual hygiene.it is important to wash hands thoroughly with soap after and before changing sanitary pads because viral infections like Hepatitis B can also be easily transmitted through bodily fluids, including menstrual discharge. Globally, there is growing attention on menstrual health and hygiene in the development and humanitarian sectors. To attain menstrual health, it requires community involvement, which specially includes boys and men,and traditional leaders in changing perception and existing practices.Secondly, it is also important to impart correct knowledge and information at schools,home and workplace.Facilities and services should be established in an environment friendly, culturally appropriate manner with safe and efficient waste management. Last but not the least the girls and women should have access to a range of affordable and appropriate options rather than promoting any one option.Both private and government sector should come forward in promoting menstrual health and providing the solution. Lets pledge to provide a safe and happy environment to our girls and women by imparting education and giving them a safe environment by each one of us by our own good ways and make this world a better and happy place for them. Dr. Meenakshi Banerjee, Senior Consultant, Obstetrics Gynaecology, Madhukar Rainbow Childrens Hospital Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/here-s-how-remdesivir-improves-time-to-recovery-in-covid-19-patients/story-kGAf1sQUoVcF6uY17a9pHJ.html</url>
<title>Heres how remdesivir improves time to recovery in Covid-19 patients</title>
<body >Remdesivir, the antiviral under clinical trials for treatment against novel coronavirus infection, is superior to the standard of care given to COVID-19 patients, according to a new study.    The analysis, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, is based on data from the Adaptive COVID-19 Treatment Trial (ACTT), sponsored by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) in the US. In the randomised, controlled trial, clinicians enrolled adults hospitalised with COVID-19 who showed infection in the lower respiratory tract and suffered from moderate to severe disease.    The researchers, including those from the New York University in the US, found that remdesivir was most beneficial for hospitalised patients with severe disease requiring supplemental oxygen.    Preliminary results of this trial suggest that a 10-day course of remdesivir was superior to placebo in the treatment of hospitalised patients with COVID-19, the scientists wrote in the study. Findings about benefits in other patient subgroups were less conclusive in this analysis, they said. The study began on February 21, 2020 and enrolled 1,063 participants in 10 countries, with patients providing informed consent to participate, the researchers said.    They said the patients were randomly assigned to receive local standard care and a 10-day course of the antiviral remdesivir intravenously, or local standard care and a placebo.    According to the study, the trial was double-blind, meaning neither investigators nor participants knew who was receiving remdesivir or placebo. The preliminary findings, based on an analysis of 1059 participants, noted that patients who received remdesivir had a shorter time to recovery than those who received placebo.    We are awaiting final visits, data entry, monitoring, and data lock for the last of the 1063 patients enrolled, after which an update of the results will be provided, the researchers noted in the study. The study defined recovery as being discharged from the hospital or being medically stable enough to be discharged from the hospital.    The median time for this, the researchers said, was 11 days for patients treated with remdesivir compared with 15 days for those who received placebo.   According to the study, the clinicians tracked patients health status daily using an eight-point ordinal scale ranging from fully recovered to death. When the scientists compared clinical status between the study participants on day 15, they found that the odds of improvement in the ordinal scale were higher in the remdesivir arm than in the placebo arm of the trial.    The study also suggested a survival benefit, with a 14-day mortality rate of 7 per cent for the group receiving remdesivir compared to nearly 12 per cent for the placebo group.    However, the scientists noted that the difference in mortality was not statistically significant. But they said the findings support remdesivir as the standard therapy for patients hospitalised with COVID-19, and requiring supplemental oxygen therapy. The researchers said the mortality rate of 7 per cent at 14 days in the remdesivir arm indicated the need to evaluate antivirals with other therapeutic agents to continue to improve clinical outcomes for patients with COVID-19.    However, given high mortality despite the use of remdesivir, it is clear that treatment with an antiviral drug alone is not likely to be sufficient, the scientists noted in the study. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed. ) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/karan-kundrra-condoles-preksha-mehta-s-suicide-says-you-were-so-young/story-MhQybs31x5FzKm1V81DYOL.html</url>
<title>Karan Kundrra condoles Preksha Mehtas suicide, says You were so young</title>
<body >Karan Kundrra has condoled the death of fellow TV actor Preksha Mehta, who committed suicide at the age of 25 on Monday. Karan called for more conversations around mental health. He wrote on Twitter, Sabse bura hota hai sapno ka marr jaana another television actor has committed suicide and this is what she posted last on her Instagram #prekshamehta this is extremely sad! You were so young.. you had your entire life in front of you! We need to talk more about mental health. He continued, A look at her Instagram shows nothing out of the ordinary, which just shows how much more we need to care about people around us in these tough times and not just assume theyre fine! RIP little one, we shall pray for you! This too shall pass! A look at her Instagram shows nothing out of the ordinary, which just shows how much more we need to care about people around us in these tough times and not just assume theyre fine! RIP little one, we shall pray for you! This too shall pass! Karan Kundrra (@kkundrra) May 26, 2020 A look at her Instagram shows nothing out of the ordinary, which just shows how much more we need to care about people around us in these tough times and not just assume theyre fine! RIP little one, we shall pray for you! This too shall pass! Preksha, who had appeared in shows such as Crime Patrol, Meri Durga and Laal Ishq, was reportedly stressed because of the loss of work caused by the coronavirus pandemic. She left behind a suicide note but did not reveal the reason behind her decision to end her life. She had also posted a cryptic message on her Instagram stories on Monday, hours before her death. "Sabse bura hota hai, sapnon ka mar jaana (The death of the dreams is the worst)," she posted on the account, which is not verified. Also read: Crime Patrol actor Preksha Mehta commits suicide at 25, leaves final note on Instagram Prekshas death comes weeks after the suicide of TV actor Manmeet Grewal, who had taken his life because of work-related stress. In 2019, actor Kushal Punjabi had also taken his life, leading several members of the industry to encourage conversations about the demanding nature of the job. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 08:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sara-ali-khan-takes-fans-on-a-tour-of-india-in-new-video-watch-her-bharat-state-of-mind/story-W9V4mtdK8g3bldXuYTYNXJ.html</url>
<title>Sara Ali Khan takes fans on a tour of India in new video. Watch her Bharat state of mind </title>
<body >Amidst lockdown, actor Sara Ali Khan has shared a glimpse of her travels across India. In the video, Sara is seen covering key destinations in Rajasthan, Telangana and Gujarat. Learning about the diversities, beliefs and cultures among various things, Sara has given a sneak peek of her journey. Sharing the first episode of this lockdown edition with a namaste, she captioned the video: Episode 1: Bharat State of Mind. View this post on Instagram           Episode 1: Bharat State of Mind   Watch as IGTV video  A post shared by  Sara Ali Khan (@saraalikhan95) on May 26, 2020 at 3:11am PDT Episode 1: Bharat State of Mind   Watch as IGTV video  A post shared by  Sara Ali Khan (@saraalikhan95) on May 26, 2020 at 3:11am PDT She is seen riding a camel in Rajasthan, enjoying shopping in Telangana with mother Amrita Singh. Sara also binged on some delicacies from Uttar Pradesh and showed viewers the tall mountains of Uttarakhand. On Monday, Sara shared a priceless childhood throwback picture, along with her recent picture to mark Eid. The Simmba star put out the cute picture on Instagram where she is seen clad in a pink hijab, while on the other hand, the second picture features the younger Sara as she is seen sporting a black dupatta while she tries to imitate the younger self. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch Along with the picture, she wrote, Eid Mubarak, and urged people to stay safe by staying at home and urged them to stay positive amid the Covid-19 outbreak with #staysafe #stayhome #staypositive. The post on the photo-sharing platform garnered more than one lakh likes within an hour of being posted. On the work front, Sara will be seen opposite Varun Dhawan in the remake of the 1995 hit film Coolie No 1. The new version is directed by David Dhawan, who earlier helmed the original film of the same name, starring Govinda and Karisma Kapoor. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-s-dabangg-gets-an-animated-series/story-yOlyPj065xdaIEfOS7vOML.html</url>
<title>Salman Khans Dabangg gets an animated series</title>
<body >Superstar Salman Khans popular film franchise, Dabangg is all set to get a run as an animated series. The series will chronicle the life and capers of supercop Chulbul Pandey (played by Salman Khan in the films), and will also feature the animated avatars of all popular characters of the franchise including Chhedi Singh (played by Sonu Sood in the films), Rajjo (Sonakshi Sinha) and Prajapatiji (played by the late Vinod Khanna). Also see: Riteish Deshmukh imagines hugging late father Vilasrao Deshmukh in heartbreaking video. Watch Dabanggs biggest USP is that it is a complete family entertainer and, thus, the next logical step to further grow the franchise was to enter the animation space. The medium offers unparalleled creative freedom with storytelling, and we can focus on shorter standalone stories in lieu of longer, linear narratives. Chulbuls persona is larger than life and in animation his adventures will be showcased as never seen before, said Salmans brother Arbaaz Khan, producer of the original Dabangg series. View this post on Instagram           200 Crores and counting. Thank you for loving #Dabangg3 with all your heart! (Ticket Booking Link In Bio) @beingsalmankhan @arbaazkhanofficial @aslisona @saieemmanjrekar @prabhudevaofficial @kichchasudeepa @nikhildwivedi25 @saffron_bm A post shared by  Salman Khan Films (@skfilmsofficial) on Jan 5, 2020 at 9:37pm PST 200 Crores and counting. Thank you for loving #Dabangg3 with all your heart! (Ticket Booking Link In Bio) @beingsalmankhan @arbaazkhanofficial @aslisona @saieemmanjrekar @prabhudevaofficial @kichchasudeepa @nikhildwivedi25 @saffron_bm A post shared by  Salman Khan Films (@skfilmsofficial) on Jan 5, 2020 at 9:37pm PST The animation studio Cosmos - Maya have been given the rights to produce the upcoming animated project. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/crime-patrol-actor-preksha-mehta-commits-suicide-at-25-posts-heartbreaking-final-note-on-instagram/story-ymPjk5auUDifEqZ1kpetZI.html</url>
<title>Crime Patrol actor Preksha Mehta commits suicide at 25, leaves final note on Instagram</title>
<body >Television actor Preksha Mehta committed suicide at her residence in Indore by hanging herself from the ceiling fan. She took the drastic step on Monday night but her body was discovered early on Tuesday morning by her father, who immediately rushed her to the hospital, but she was declared dead on arrival. SpotboyE reports that the 25-year-old actor, who had acted in shows such as Crime Patrol, Meri Durga and Laal Ishq, was stressed because of work. She left behind a suicide note but did not reveal the reason behind her decision to end her life. Rajeev Bhadoriya, the officer in charge of the Hira Nagar police station, said, Preksha was a TV actor and was in the city since the lockdown. We are investigating the case further to know the reason of her suicide Right before ending her life, Preksha posted a heartbreaking message on her Instagram stories. Sabse bura hota hai sapno ka mar jaana (The worst thing is when dreams die). Also see: Riteish Deshmukh imagines hugging late father Vilasrao Deshmukh in heartbreaking video. Watch View this post on Instagram                                -"       "                     "...."        #RIPPrekshaMehta #artist #TheatreFamily #mpsdfamily #rip #sucide #mentalhealth A post shared by  Richa Tiwari (@richatiwari309) on May 26, 2020 at 3:09am PDT                      -"       "                     "...."        #RIPPrekshaMehta #artist #TheatreFamily #mpsdfamily #rip #sucide #mentalhealth A post shared by  Richa Tiwari (@richatiwari309) on May 26, 2020 at 3:09am PDT Actor Richa Tiwari mourned Prekshas death in a heartfelt Instagram post. Chehre ki hasee ke peeche aisa bohot kuch chhupa hota hai jise har koi nahi samajh sakta. Preksha ka aakhri status tha - sabse bura hota hai sapno ka mar jaana. Humein mental health ke liye bhi utna hi jagrut hona hoga jitna ki hum physical health ke liye hote hai. Humare MPSD parivaar ki ek sadasya ab nahi rahi (Not everyone can understand the pain that is hidden behind a smile. Prekshas last status was - the worst thing is when dreams die. We need to give as much importance to mental health as we give to physical health. We lost a member of our MPSD (Madhya Pradesh School of Drama) family). #RIPPrekshaMehta #artist #TheatreFamily #mpsdfamily #rip #sucide #mentalhealth. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-gauri-celebrate-daughter-suhana-s-graduation-proud-dad-says-school-ends-learning-doesn-t-see-family-pics/story-5I9D71SEZiXn2l7SysCwYN.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan, Gauri celebrate daughter Suhanas graduation, proud dad says school ends...learning doesnt. See family pics</title>
<body >Actor ShahRukhKhans daughter Suhana has graduated from her school in the UK. The actor took to Instagram as he recalled how fast time has gone by and shared pictures as well. Sharing a picture with wife Gauri and daughter Suhana, a proud dad wrote: 4 yrs have flown by. Graduating from Ardingly. Last pizza...last train ride...and first step into the real world...school ends...learning doesnt. His note is particularly reflective as only on Friday the trailer of the Hindi version of Disneys The Lion King came out, where Shah Rukh, voicing Mufasa, was seen giving life lessons to Simba, to be voiced by his sonAryan. View this post on Instagram           4 yrs have flown by. Graduating from Ardingly. Last pizza...last train ride...and first step into the real world...school ends...learning doesnt. A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:09am PDT 4 yrs have flown by. Graduating from Ardingly. Last pizza...last train ride...and first step into the real world...school ends...learning doesnt. A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:09am PDT Shah Rukh shared another picture, a black and white one, with Suhana, perhaps from her graduation ceremony (she is formally dressed) and wrote: Last day at school. To adding new experiences and colours to your life ahead.... For the uninitiated, Ardingly College is a co-educational boarding school, located in the Sussex region inEngland. View this post on Instagram           Last day at school. To adding new experiences and colours to your life ahead.... A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:28am PDT Last day at school. To adding new experiences and colours to your life ahead.... A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:28am PDT Also read: Sophie Turner stuns in white dress, Joe Jonas looks dapper at pre-wedding party. See pics The doting mother posted an adorable click and video from the ceremony at Suhanas college on her Instagram account. View this post on Instagram           The Russel cup for exceptional contribution to drama.  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jun 28, 2019 at 8:14am PDT The Russel cup for exceptional contribution to drama.  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jun 28, 2019 at 8:14am PDT View this post on Instagram           Lunch at Ardingly.. Graduation A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jun 28, 2019 at 7:53am PDT Lunch at Ardingly.. Graduation A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jun 28, 2019 at 7:53am PDT Suhana, we now know, had been studying there for the last four years. However, the young star kid was often seen in Mumbai in the company of her childhood friends, actor Ananya Panday and actor Sanjay Kapoors daughter Shanaya Kapoor and routinely papped. Her pictures, whenever they surface online, are a huge hit and enthusiastically shared. She was recently inIndia, for the wedding of her cousin Alia Chhiba in Kolkata. Her pictures from the wedding and the pre-wedding functions like the mehendi trended online in a big way. ALSO WATCH |Article 15: Shah Rukh, Vicky Kaushal attend screening of Ayushmanns latest  Suhana is expected to make her Bollywood debut, but dad Shah Rukh says she has to complete her education first. Speaking about his daughters future, he had earlier said that she will go to an educational institute for three-four years to train in acting. Incidentally, Shah Rukhs elder son Aryan too is studying filmmaking in America. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/article-15-box-office-collection-day-1-shahid-kapoor-s-kabir-singh-holds-strong-as-ayushmann-khurrana-film-gets-a-modest-opening-at-rs-3-50-cr/story-jpQm3f4BnIKLjmkW0hUH3I.html</url>
<title>Article 15 box office collection day 1: Ayushmann Khurrana film gets a decent opening with Rs 5.02 cr, Kabir Singh stays strong with Rs 146.63 cr</title>
<body >Actor Ayushmann Khurranas new film Article 15 has opened on a decent note. Trade analyst Tarana Adarsh tweeted the films day 1 figure which stood at Rs 5.02 crore in domestic business. Tweeting about it, Taran wrote: #Article15 has a decent Day 1... Gathered speed towards evening shows, after a dull start in the morning... Should witness an upward trend/substantial growth on Day 2... Metros are driving the biz and high-end multiplexes will contribute largely... Fri  5.02 cr. India biz. #Article15 has a decent Day 1... Gathered speed towards evening shows, after a dull start in the morning... Should witness an upward trend/substantial growth on Day 2... Metros are driving the biz and high-end multiplexes will contribute largely... Fri  5.02 cr. India biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) June 29, 2019 #Article15 has a decent Day 1... Gathered speed towards evening shows, after a dull start in the morning... Should witness an upward trend/substantial growth on Day 2... Metros are driving the biz and high-end multiplexes will contribute largely... Fri  5.02 cr. India biz. Also Watch | Raja Sens movie review of Article 15 Also read: Sophie Turner stuns in white dress, Joe Jonas looks dapper at pre-wedding party. See pics He predicted that the film is likely to see substantial growth on its second day with high-end multiplexes driving its growth. Taran also gave a comparison of how Ayushmanns films have fared historically on day 1. He wrote: Ayushmann Khurrana versus Ayushmann Khurrana... *Day 1* biz... 2018: #BadhaaiHo  7.35 cr [Thu; #Dussehra] 2019: #Article15  5.02 cr 2017: #ShubhMangalSaavdhan  2.71 cr 2018: #AndhaDhun  2.70 cr 2017: #BareillyKiBarfi  2.42 cr India biz. Ayushmann Khurrana versus Ayushmann Khurrana... *Day 1* biz...2018: #BadhaaiHo  7.35 cr [Thu; #Dussehra]2019: #Article15  5.02 cr2017: #ShubhMangalSaavdhan  2.71 cr2018: #AndhaDhun  2.70 cr2017: #BareillyKiBarfi  2.42 crIndia biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) June 29, 2019 Ayushmann Khurrana versus Ayushmann Khurrana... *Day 1* biz...2018: #BadhaaiHo  7.35 cr [Thu; #Dussehra]2019: #Article15  5.02 cr2017: #ShubhMangalSaavdhan  2.71 cr2018: #AndhaDhun  2.70 cr2017: #BareillyKiBarfi  2.42 crIndia biz. Last weeks release Kabir Singh continued with its superb run at the box office. Taran tweeted to mention that the film had made Rs 146.63 crore in the domestic market. He wrote: #KabirSingh continues to weave magic at BO, despite new films cutting into the market share... Biz on [second] Fri is in double digits, which is exceptional... Will cross  150 cr today [second Sat]... [Week 2] Fri 12.21 cr. Total:  146.63 cr. India biz. #KabirSingh continues to weave magic at BO, despite new films cutting into the market share... Biz on [second] Fri is in double digits, which is exceptional... Will cross  150 cr today [second Sat]... [Week 2] Fri 12.21 cr. Total:  146.63 cr. India biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) June 29, 2019 #KabirSingh continues to weave magic at BO, despite new films cutting into the market share... Biz on [second] Fri is in double digits, which is exceptional... Will cross  150 cr today [second Sat]... [Week 2] Fri 12.21 cr. Total:  146.63 cr. India biz. Kabir Singh also had the best second Friday of 2019, with an earning of Rs 12.21 crore, beating the likes of Uri, Total Dhamaal, Kesari, Bharat, Badla and Gully Boy. On Friday, Taran had tweeted earlier to say that given its current trend, the film will comfortably cross Rs 200 crore in week 2. #KabirSingh wave grips the nation... Trending on weekdays is an eye-opener... Should comfortably cross  200 cr in Week 2... Fri 20.21 cr, Sat 22.71 cr, Sun 27.91 cr, Mon 17.54 cr, Tue 16.53 cr, Wed 15.91 cr, Thu 13.61 cr. Total:  134.42 cr. India biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) June 28, 2019 #KabirSingh wave grips the nation... Trending on weekdays is an eye-opener... Should comfortably cross  200 cr in Week 2... Fri 20.21 cr, Sat 22.71 cr, Sun 27.91 cr, Mon 17.54 cr, Tue 16.53 cr, Wed 15.91 cr, Thu 13.61 cr. Total:  134.42 cr. India biz. Earlier, talking about Article 15s box office prospects, trade analyst Girish Johar had told HindustanTimes, The buzz is quite good about the film. The trailer was hard-hitting and everyone just stood up for what had come across their way. Anubhav Sinha, after what he did in Mulk, is riding a good curve. We all know Ayushmanns track record -- how he has been selective about films which talk about issues. It is not a mass-entertainer but a thought provoking film for mature audience. Looking at the early reviews that are coming in, it seems to be another good film. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-honours-army-officer-parents-with-throwback-pic-parineeti-chopra-call-it-their-best-photo/story-y6P2ycp5sXdAEqs75S1IpJ.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra honours army officer parents with throwback pic, Parineeti Chopra call it their best photo</title>
<body >On the occasion of Memorial Day, actor Priyanka Chopra shared a picture of her parents in their army uniforms. Memorial Day is an American holiday for honouring and mourning the military personnel who have died while serving in the United States Armed Forces. On Monday, Priyanka took to Instagram to share a black-and-white picture of her parents, Ashok and Madhu Chopra, who served in the Indian army. She wrote in the caption, Both my parents served in the Indian Army... and maybe thats why I feel such a kinship with military families all over the world. Today lets think of all the fallen heroes that have given their lives in service to protect our freedom. View this post on Instagram           Both my parents served in the Indian Army... and maybe thats why I feel such a kinship with military families all over the world. Today lets think of all the fallen heroes that have given their lives in service to protect our freedom. #memorialday @madhumalati #LtcolAshokChopra A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 25, 2020 at 10:57am PDT Both my parents served in the Indian Army... and maybe thats why I feel such a kinship with military families all over the world. Today lets think of all the fallen heroes that have given their lives in service to protect our freedom. #memorialday @madhumalati #LtcolAshokChopra A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 25, 2020 at 10:57am PDT Priyankas post has been liked over 1.3 million times. Priyankas cousin, Parineeti Chopra commented, Badi Mumma and Bade Papas best photo! Designer Farah Khan Ali wrote in the comments, What a handsome couple. Comedian Russell Peters wrote, My family too! Priyankas dad died in 2013, and the actor has often spoken about the bond she shared with him. In a recent interview to UKs Tatler magazine, Priyanka had said, All my mothers sisters were academics and my dad was a free-thinking creative, a musician and an artist, as well as a surgeon. My grandmother  my dads mum  always used to say, about me, Whos going to marry her? She cant cook. And my dad would say, Ill send a cook with her. She never needs to go into the kitchen. My mum didnt know how to cook when she got married. My dad taught her how. And he taught her everything he liked to eat. Clever man. Also read: Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas mark 2nd anniversary of first date with cute pics: Love you jaan The actor has been making waves in Hollywood, where she has a romantic comedy with Mindy Kaling lined up, in addition to a role in Robert Rodriguezs Netflix superhero film and Matrix 4. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-extends-eid-wishes-to-fans-says-in-the-end-it-s-faith-that-keeps-us-going/story-0HLhU5ynNHMkgFeep3j0BI.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan extends Eid wishes to fans, says In the end, its faith that keeps us going</title>
<body >As the country celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr in the testing times of coronavirus this year, star Shah Rukh Khan's greetings reflected blessings from the almighty to help his countrymen sail through the tough times. The 54-year-old actor took to Twitter to extend Eid greetings to his fans. "May the blessings of Allah see us through these times," he wrote in the tweet. "In the end, it's Faith that keeps us going... Eid Mubarak to all. May He shower all with love, peace and prosperity always," Khan's tweet further read. May the blessings of Allah see us through these times. In the end, its Faith that keeps us going... Eid Mubarak to all. May He shower all with love, peace and prosperity always. Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) May 25, 2020 May the blessings of Allah see us through these times. In the end, its Faith that keeps us going... Eid Mubarak to all. May He shower all with love, peace and prosperity always. Eid-ul-Fitr marks the conclusion of the holy month of Ramzan, which is a month of fasting and prayer for the Muslim community. This year, Eid is being celebrated amid a nationwide lockdown imposed as a precautionary measure to contain the spread of COVID-19. Several Bollywood actors took to social media to extend their Eid wishes to fans. Priyanka Chopra wrote, Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating around the world. I wish for you and your families strength, peace and happiness in these uncertain times. #EidMubarak. Sara Ali Khan shared pictures of herself in a hijab, as a child and an adult, and wrote, Eid Mubarak #staysafe #stayhome #staypositive. Also read:Twinkle Khanna remembers her nani on Eid in emotional post: Our hearts and table have too many empty spaces Sonam Kapoor, meanwhile, shared an old picture of herself, and wrote, Eid Mubarak my brothers and sisters, may this years trials and tribulations become foundations of a better tomorrow. Thank you for praying for us this whole holy month of Ramazan . Have a blessed Eid. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 09:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/he-spoilt-his-name-mohammad-kaif-on-why-greg-chappell-wasn-t-as-respected-as-john-wright/story-eDu4aavJC9tK6V9huxMGzM.html</url>
<title>He spoilt his name, Mohammad Kaif on why Greg Chappell wasnt as respected as John Wright</title>
<body >Former India batsman Mohammad Kaif has explained the difference between the coaching styles of John Wright and Greg Chappell, the first two foreign coaches of the Indian cricket team. Kaif, who played his cricket under both coaches, weighed in on the topic and feels Chappell would have been better off as Indias batting coach rather than taking charge of overall coaching duties, and that his inability to understand the Indian culture did not work in the best interests of the team. Also Read | Coach was playing different games: Harbhajan Singh on worst days of India cricket Wright was appointed coach of the Indian cricket team from 2000 to 2005 and during his tenure India registered Test wins in England and Australia, won the famous Natwest Trophy final in 2002 and reached the final of the World Cup in South Africa a year later. Chappell, who succeeded Wright had a turbulent tenure, with his fallout with then captain Sourav Ganguly becoming the centre of storm, and later with Indias dismal World Cup campaign in 2007, which saw them get eliminated from the group stage. Also Read | Your career will be over: Curtly Ambrose recalls when he threatened to knock out Steve Waugh Chappell could have been a good batting coach. But he spoilt his name, as he could not run the team properly, he couldnt understand the Indian culture and lacked good man-management skills and hence didnt prove to be a good coach, Kaif told Times of India. People respected John Wright because he coordinated well with the players and let Ganguly the captain to lead the team from the front. Kaif is not the first cricketer from that era who is not a fan of Chappells methods. Harbhajan Singh in the past called the former Australia cricketer a man with a double face and had recently termed the Chappell era as the worst days of Indian cricket. This was after Chappell revealed that he groomed MS Dhoni by asking him to play along the ground. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/india-thought-they-d-get-batting-practice-against-us-bangladesh-s-mushfiqur-rahim-recalls-2007-world-cup-match/story-CHDgNJaR8cumlDLTtHPblO.html</url>
<title>India thought theyd get batting practice against us, Bangladeshs Mushfiqur Rahim recalls 2007 World Cup match</title>
<body >Bangladesh wicketkeeper batsman Mushfiqur Rahim has said his knock against India in the 2007 World Cup went a long way in sealing his place in the teams Playing XI. Rahim, who was into the 12th game of his career, scored an unbeaten 56 as Bangladesh upset India by five wickets in the eight World Cup match of Group B at Port of Spain. Also Read | Would be great for cricket: Pat Cummins wants IPL in October if T20 World Cup is postponed Rahim, who was still trying to find his feet in international cricket, revealed he was given the opportunity of hitting the winning runs by senior pro Mohammad Ashraful. Tamim Iqbal, Shakib Al Hasan and Rahim scored half-centuries as Bangladesh chased down Indias 191 with more than seven overs remaining to secure one of the teams most memorable wins. During the innings break against India, I learned I was going bat at No. 3. I had very little time to think about it. It was Indias first match and they thought they would get some batting practice before their big games. It was a tacky wicket. Tamim [Iqbal] gave us a good start while I was settling in. Then I had a great partnership with Shakib [Al Hasan]. It made me quite relaxed to bat with two of my U-19 team-mates on the biggest stage, Mushfiqur told ESPNCricinfo, while remembering some of the best knocks of his career. Also Read | Tendulkar closed his eyes while facing Akhtars bouncers: Mohammad Asif recalls Karachi Test in 2006 When I hit the winning runs, I couldnt believe what was happening. I must thank [Mohammad] Ashraful bhai for giving me the chance to hit the winning runs. He could have done it against Zaheer Khan in the previous over. It took a while to sink in, but when we started to receive all the congratulatory messages, I understood we had done something big for the country. Rahim weighed in further on the match, saying the knock helped him realise he belonged at the international level, especially when there were people doubting his place in the squad since he had come in as the experienced Khaled Mashuds replacement. There was a lot of pressure on me [before this innings]. Replacing Pilot bhai, someone who has served the Bangladesh team for a long time, was a big challenge. I thought I could get a chance if someone got injured, but I never expected to be the first choice. Until a dinner party attended by all the teams, where I saw greats like Brian Lara and Sachin Tendulkar, I hadnt quite grasped what a World Cup was like, he added. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/a-blueprint-to-make-local-indian-brands-truly-global/story-XUvbyw0ASjftpG5saeZOxM.html</url>
<title>A blueprint to make local Indian brands truly global</title>
<body >Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi, on May 12, said, Today it is the need of the hour that India should play a big role in the global supply chains. With global supply chains disrupted by the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) pandemic, India can and must turn this crisis into an opportunity. A close reading of the PMs speech revealed his vision for an aatma nirbhar Bharat (self-reliant India). It is about making India self-confident and self-reliant to take global competition head on. A passion for quality and excellence, achieving cost competitiveness through size and scale to penetrate global markets are the mantras that we need to follow to make India truly aatma nirbhar. Champion companies like Jio in telephony, Tatas in Steel, Mahindra in automobiles, Vedanta in metals and mining, ITC Limited in the fast-moving consumer goods sector, Amul in the dairy sector, among others, are making a name for themselves on both domestic and global stages. These brands, while gaining significant franchises across the world, are also creating enormous value for India. The nation needs to transform our local champions into global ones. Brands such as ITC and Amul have the processing capabilities and market linkages to serve the world, benefiting farmers in the process. ITC has invested in cutting-edge research and development to anchor domestic agri-value chains. The Amul success story bears no repetition. In automobiles, brands such as Tata, Mahindra, Hero and Bajaj are internationally recognised. FabIndia in garments and Forest Essentials in wellness and cosmetics are other examples. India must create a policy environment that enables local brands to thrive on the global stage. Many countries have enabled the creation of global giants, and we must learn from them. Japans auto companies such as Toyota and Honda have dominated the world. South Korea has created technology giants such as Samsung and LG. China has enabled the creation of giants in the electronics, toys, apparel and solar energy sectors. The Japanese economic miracle saw a war-ravaged country transform into a global leader. South Koreas per capita income was $158 in 1960, compared to $82 in India and $89 in China. Its per capita income in 2018 was $31,362. China and India had similar levels of per capita income in 1990. By 2018, Chinas per capita incomes accelerated to $9,770, compared to $2,010 for India. These countries nurtured domestic industry, focused on cost competitiveness, quality, size, scale and adoption of cutting edge technologies to enable global expansion. The government must facilitate the creation of  an aatma nirbhar Bharat. The first avenue is to enable economies of scale in Indiss manufacturing. For this, action will be required at the state level. Cross-subsidisation of energy, making it cheaper for consumers at the expense of industry, needs to go. We need to provide industries with a regular and cheap supply of power to boost their competitiveness, along with the creation of plug-and-play facilities. The second avenue is land. States must identify and develop large tracts of  land and provide them with infrastructure. States must also ease the process of labour laws. Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh have phased out older labour laws. Other labour-sending states must do the same, while taking care of the concerns of workers. Easing the regulatory environment will ensure that we attract both domestic and foreign capital to our industrial hubs. Related to all of this is urbanisation. Self-sufficiency in job creation and domestic demand will be driven by urbanisation. Urban innovation, decentralisation and municipal finance will serve as great tools to ensure that we implement the PMs vision. Decentralisation will ensure that cities are able to govern themselves without depending on the state and central governments excessively. Next, we must connect our urban and industrial hubs through efficient infrastructure. The Centre must continue its push in elevating infrastructure to world-class standards. Timely land acquisition, environment clearances and release of funds must be ensured so that projects are completed on time. The ministry of road transport and highways has created a portal Bhoomi Rashi to fast-track the land acquisition process. All other government departments should adopt this model. Next, the government must drive efficiencies in the logistics sector. Indias port turnaround time is around 60 hours; Chinas 20 hours and Koreas 12 hours. So there is room for improvement. Digitisation of ports, moving processes to an online system will reduce compliance costs. Port collaborative decision-making must be implemented at the earliest. The development of 200 minor ports, through public-private partnerships, must be pursued. The governments role is to create an enabling environment for large-scale manufacturing and sourcing. The private sector must also work to develop flexible and resilient supply chains. They must achieve cost competitiveness through frugal innovation, technology adoption and leadership, along with a focus on process efficiencies. The PM emphasised that we must raise the quality of products. Therefore, the adoption of global quality standards is imperative. The reforms in agriculture are being hailed as a 1991 moment for the sector. Commercial coal mining and putting out more than 500 mines for bidding will see our dependency on imports of minerals reduce. Reforms in the civil service and the judiciary are needed to reduce regulatory burdens. India must create an ecosystem encouraging innovation and the development of new technologies. Reforms in apprenticeship and education, along with expanding public investments in human capital are required so that our workforce is prepared to take the challenges posed by global competition head-on. Aatma Nirbhar Bharat is not anti-globalisation. It is about making India self-confident and self-reliant to take on global competition. It is about driving Indias socioeconomic transformation. Amitabh Kant is chief executive officer, NITI Aayog The views expressed are personal </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/when-us-threatened-to-leave-who/story-iyTyvGg6wQnhqEZm5qsiWO.html</url>
<title>When US threatened to leave WHO |Opinion</title>
<body >United States (US) President  Donald Trump recently suspended financial support to the World Health Organization (WHO) and has threatened to quit the world body. This news took me back nearly 40 years when, while serving in the Union ministry of health and family welfare, I was involved in dealing with a similar threat from the US. It was May 1982. I was in Geneva to represent India in the annual session of the World Health Assembly (WHA) which, at that time, had over 160 member countries and met for two weeks to deal with varied health and medical issues. The large agenda was split and discussed in two commissions, named A and B. The 1982 WHA unanimously elected me to chair the functioning of commission B. Our then ambassador in Geneva, AP Venkateswaran, reported this event as a diplomatic victory for India, especially as it came without lobbying. As in the functioning of any United Nations  organisation, WHO member-countries also never lost an opportunity to raise health issues which provided an opening for airing their views on current political controversies. Before the WHA proceedings began, I carefully read every agenda item entrusted to my commission. Neither I, nor the more experienced secretariat personnel, realised that a certain matter would generate an upheaval that would threaten the existence of  WHO. This related to a draft resolution, moved by a group of Afro-Arab countries, which sought to focus attention on the poor health conditions of the Palestinians living in the Israeli-occupied territories. I was not overly concerned by this as  there were similar items which sought the provision of health assistance to refugees in Cyprus and Lebanon and to the flood-affected in Yemen. Former WHO director-general, Halfdan Mahler, was on the dais with me when the aforesaid agenda item came up and I allowed the leader of the Palestine delegation to introduce it. Inter-alia, the agenda note referred to an expert committee report on the subject and to the reports presented by the Palestinian Liberation Organization,  the Israeli health ministry and the specialised UN agency for providing relief to the Palestinian refugees. While calling for the establishment of  WHO-supervised health centres in the occupied territories, reference was also drawn to an earlier UN General Assembly  resolution on this matter. Before I could announce the name of the next delegate to speak on the subject, the leader of the US delegation, Dr John Bryant (also a member of the executive committee), wanted to make an urgent statement. Normally, comments from the floor were allowed only after the sponsoring country representatives complete their statements. Bryant raised serious objection to a portion of the operative paragraph of  the draft resolution which, if accepted, would have the effect of cutting-off the membership rights and services of  Israel. He announced that if this matter was discussed any further, he was under instruction to state that his country here and now suspends its budgetary support (which was about half of  WHOs annual budget) and withdraws from WHO. As soon as Bryant completed his statement, delegates from Israel and several other countries stood up and pronounced full support for the US stand. Delegates from Palestine and many Arab and African countries stood up and  voiced support for the Palestinian cause. The ensuing pandemonium was unprecedented. I kept striking the gavel and calling for order till there was a lull in which I announced a break to consider how WHA could proceed further. After a brief exchange with  Mahler, I stepped into the assembly hall and for the next hour-and-a-half held discussions with the leaders of the warring groups. I found that there was no ready meeting point and also realised that if the situation was allowed to go unchecked,  there would be grave consequences for WHO, besides the failure of my chairmanship. It was already past the lunch hour. Getting back on the dais, I informed WHA that my parleys would continue and the commission would reassemble next morning at the scheduled time. For the next 12 hours, I held intensive discussions with protagonists on both sides and also met several eminent health ministers (attending WHA). I also met  the iconic  Palestinian leader  Yasser Arafat arrrived  late in the evening. After several rounds of negotiations with the Arab, African, Israeli, American and other delegations concerned,  I managed to soften their earlier positions. Also, in the course of these discussions, I had virtually redone the original draft resolution. In the early hours of the next morning, I called a senior secretariat staff to arrange for copies of the revised draft resolution to be distributed before WHA commenced its work. An uneasy calm prevailed in the hall when I called the meeting to order. I spoke briefly about my efforts since the previous day  and about the agreed changes made in the original draft. I read out the revised resolution and asked if there were any observations from any quarter. There was silence. I announced that the resolution was passed and struck the gavel to move on to the next agenda item. There was a perceptible sigh of relief . WHO had been saved. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/editorials/in-maharashtra-focus-on-the-pandemic/story-9t6Xo7Ar3LAdaJc7kprEpJ.html</url>
<title>In Maharashtra, focus on the pandemic</title>
<body >Ravaged by the coronavirus pandemic, Maharashtra has plunged into political uncertainty. Two separate developments have taken place. The first is a sense that all is not well within the Maha Vikas Aghadi (MVA)-ruling coalitions of  the Shiv Sena-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP)-Congress. This was prompted by meetings Sharad Pawar  widely considered the architect of the alliance  had with Governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari and chief minister Uddhav Thackeray, despite Mr Pawar making it clear that the government was safe. The perception was reinforced by Congress leader Rahul Gandhis remark that the party was not the key decision-maker in the state. To be sure, he prefaced it with appreciating the battle the state was waging  but the remark came across as distancing the Congress from the state governments performance. He has, since, spoken to the CM and expressed his support. The second development has been the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) stepping up its attacks on the state government, with party functionaries calling for Presidents rule in the state. It is time for both sides to step back and focus on the crisis at hand. For its part, the BJP  as the Opposition  has a right to hold the government accountable for its handling of the pandemic. But it should resist from any adventurism, be it through poaching legislators from the other side or using central power to impose Presidents rule. A change in regime will not solve the structural problems in Maharashtra overnight. But the onus also lies on the government of the day. The MVA needs to provide more coherent governance, smoothen differences among allies and step up its management of the pandemic. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/pm-modi-s-doklam-team-back-in-action-to-stand-up-to-china-in-ladakh/story-F1E9vWFXP9qGghwExg90ZM.html</url>
<title>PM Modis Doklam team back in action to stand up to China in Ladakh</title>
<body >India has pushed in high altitude warfare troops with support elements to the eastern Ladakh theatre to counter Chinese Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) aggressive posture designed to browbeat the government to stop building border infrastructure in the Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO)sector as it may threaten the Lhasa-Kashgar highway in Aksai Chin. The specialised Indian troops are familiar with the Tibetan Autonomous Region of China and are tuned for operating at rarefied altitudes. The scale of PLA deployment - two brigades strength and more - indicates that the move has the sanction of Beijing and not limited to local military commanders. From Australia to Hong Kong to Taiwan to the South China Sea to India and right up to the US, a bellicose China is staring at the world for domination at all costs, said a senior government official after a meeting convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to review the situation on Tuesday. AlsoWatch |China hindering patrolling: India slams Beijing after Ladakh, Sikkim fistfights  For three faces at PM Modis strategy meeting, this was the second time in three years that they were faced with a similar situation. National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Chief of Defence Staff General Bipin Rawat and Foreign Minister S Jaishankar. This was the team that had crafted Indias response to the Doklam standoff in 2017 that lasted 73 days. General Rawat was then the army chief and Jaishankar, Indias foreign secretary. Also Read: India matches up to Chinas military in standoff near Karakoram Pass The messaging from Tuesdays meeting mirrored Indias response to the 2017 standoff when Indian troops dug in and stood their ground in the face of a rapid mobilisation by the Chinese side. Officials said while India favours de-escalating the situation on the LAC through mutual respect and dialogue under the peace and tranquility mechanism in place, PM Modis Doklam team has been told to prepare for all eventualities. In purely military terms, the Chinese dominance and deterrence posture in the DBO sector is an effort by the PLA to try to prevent India from executing its rapid border infrastructure building plan. This summer is the last chance it has. The Darbuk-Shyok-DBO road will be completed this year and will raise the Indian capacity to rapidly deploy in the area. If the road project is blocked, the Indian Army will be forced to live off aerial supply lines and prepare for an arduous route linking Sansoma to Murgo to DBO through glaciated Saser La, a national security planner in the government said. Also Read: Chinas tactical play in Ladakh isnt just about the boundary To be sure, there has been friction between the Indian Army and PLA in Pangong Tso, Galwan and Depsang Plains for the last two years. But most of these were taken care of. Just as China has built infrastructure within its own claim line without any objections from India, the former is opposed to any Indian infrastructure build up as if New Delhi has military objectives while Beijing has done this to promote tourism, said a former army chief, a reference to the infrastructure on the Chinese side where all military outposts are linked by metalled roads to the base camps. Also Read: Resolution of the Doklam stand-off is a case study on how to deal with China While China has all plans to stare down India into submission with its all-weather ally Pakistan deliberately initiating troop movement in neighbouring Gilgit-Baltistan region, India cannot afford to budge from its position as this will amount to acceding to Xi Jinpings cartographic expansion in the area through military muscle. It is in this context that the Indian Army has inducted more troops in the theatre with others undergoing through the acclimatization process as this may be a long haul. The Chinese have already initiated psychological operations through its mouthpieces to remind India of the 1962 border skirmish in the same area. But this is 2020 and the leader is Narendra Modi, said a senior cabinet minister. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/bjp-trying-to-destabilise-maharashtra-govt-nitin-raut-slams-modi-govt/video-KowMRS3fG7P1BMhO2s63NN.html</url>
<title>BJP trying to destabilise Maharashtra govt: Nitin Raut slams Modi govt</title>
<body >Maharashtras Energy Minister has accused the BJP of trying to destabilise the government in the state. He said that PM Modi and Devendra Fadnavis are dreaming of toppling the Maha Aghadi govt and said that the Centre should be helping the state fight the Covid pandemic at this time. Meanwhile, Maharashtra Assembly Speaker Nana Patole said that the state is following all guidelines issued by the centre in its fight against Covid. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/watch-no-social-distancing-during-union-minister-tomars-mp-visit-video/video-IoI1kC16chUcbSCvwdRPoM.html</url>
<title>Watch: No social distancing during Union Minister Tomars MP visit</title>
<body >Social distancing norms were brazenly flouted as Union Minister Narendra Singh Tomar left an event in Sheopur area of Madhya Pradesh. A huge crowd had gathered to meet the Minister and his guards were seen struggling to keep them at a distance. The Minister was attending an event to felicitate healthcare workers in the area. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com//podcasts/spirituality/your-stars-today-by-dr-prem-kumar-sharma-5004927</url>
<title>Your Stars Today by Dr. Prem Kumar Sharma</title>
<body >In this podcast, Rishabh Suri and Naina Arora tell you the day's horoscope for your zodiac sign- how it's set to go, the highs and the lows, what you need to look out for and more. Also, don't miss the colour and number lucky for you, which will make your day even better! This is a Hindustan Times production, brought to you by HT smartcast.                </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/bcci-confident-icc-won-t-commit-harakiri-by-taking-away-2021-t20-wc/story-PIRO22y0hXRjWnIABx5hrK.html</url>
<title>BCCI confident ICC wont commit harakiri by taking away 2021 T20 WC</title>
<body >On papers, the ICC vs BCCI tax battle seems to have taken a murky turn after the ICC Business Corporation (IBC) refused to hand the Indian board an extension in finding a tax solution. The ICC has in fact threatened that they can take away the 2021 T20 World Cup if the board fails to provide the exemption. But BCCI officials believe that prudent ICC Directors will not take any step that hurts the game. Speaking to IANS, a BCCI official said that the Indian board has full faith in the directors of the international body and believe that they will not commit harakiri by taking the global event away from India. ALSO READ: T20 World Cup to be postponed to 2022, October window for IPL- Report It is not the ICC, but some vested interests that come up with this story from time to time. Most of the ICC Directors are prudent and pragmatic and they would not permit these vested interests to lead the ICC down the path of harakiri. If they take this step, I assure you that the BCCI would still be laughing when the pieces fall, but the ICC would be worse for the wear, the official said. It is time for the ICC to move away from people who merely bring disputes with BCCI to the table and nothing else in terms of contribution. Anyone propped by such people will also be unacceptable. Earlier, a BCCI official in the know of developments said that it is sad that at a time when the world is fighting the coronavirus pandemic, such emails have come in and there is an attempt to put the Indian board under pressure. I fail to understand how this is happening at this time when everyone is coming to grips with the pandemic. This is a complete and total failure of the ICC leadership and is a clear indication that change is imminent, the official said. ALSO READ: Only few are brave: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj, Suresh Raina lead birthday wishes for Ravi Shastri The BCCI was needed to throw light on the tax exemption issue 18 months before the 2021 T20 World Cup which meant the deadline was April. But the world has been under lockdown due to the coronavirus outbreak and the Indian board has asked for an extension till June 30 or one month post lockdown opening. Another official said the whole turn of events was surprising to say the least, especially how the ICC said that the IBC refused to agree to an extension. Interestingly, their lawyer Jonathan Hall has written that the IBC has rejected BCCIs request. Now the question is how did this happen without the actual board seeing it and voting for/against it? he enquired. In fact, after the ICC CEC meeting in April, one of the executives had spoken about the clarity shown by BCCI secretary Jay Shah and how world cricket needs the Indian board to join hands with the England and Wales Cricket Board and help the member boards out of the economic mess due to the suspension of all cricketing activities because of the coronavirus pandemic. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/pcb-against-rescheduling-of-t20-world-cup-official/story-b6Z3g7ygpMf7lRaehEBfXN.html</url>
<title>PCB against rescheduling of T20 World Cup: Official</title>
<body >The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has said it would not support any move to reschedule this years World T20 Cup to 2021 as it would hit the entire international calendar. A PCB official, ahead of the International Cricket Council meetings beginning on Thursday to discuss the fate of the World T20, said that Pakistans stance will be to push for a wait and watch policy. We are in May and there is still time. The ICC members should wait and see where this Coronavirus pandemic goes. A decision on staging the event can be taken even after say two months, he said. He also noted that by that time it would have become clear if member boards are able to resume full scale cricket activities in line with the policies of their governments on the pandemic. There is no cricket being played right now but in two months time, we will know what is the position because West Indies and Pakistan are to play in England if things go according to plan, he said. The media has speculated that the ICC board members might move the global event to February-March next year or even postpone it to 2022 as another World T20 Cup is scheduled in India in 2021. Sources in the PCB confirmed the board was not happy with reports that the Asia Cup and World T20 will be postponed this year, giving the Indian cricket board (BCCI) a possible window to organise the IPL. The IPL is a domestic event of the BCCI and cannot be given preference over ICC events or bilateral agreements. Pakistan will not support any such move, one source said. But he conceded that the PCB is already working on a plan to line up cricket activities in case the Asia Cup and World T20 Cup are not held this year. The BCCI has said it stands to lose around Rs 4000 core if the IPL is not held this year. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/this-oddly-satisfying-card-shuffling-video-will-leave-you-mesmerized-watch/story-K9wm5kWx3I07LyV8nJvJ2M.html</url>
<title>This oddly satisfying card shuffling video will leave you mesmerized. Watch</title>
<body >Anyone who spends time on the Internet knows that one of the ways to calm yourself is by watching those #OddlySatisfying or ASMR videos. Whether its putting different things in a neat order or calligraphy done beautifully and with precision, such videos often leave you mesmerized. So many times, you end up watching too many of such clips one after another - or some on repeat - and then youre left wondering where all your time went. Well, this video of a card shuffling method is one of them. This video posted by TikTok user @moorzmagic shows him masterfully performing a Faro Shuffle. In this method, a pack of cards is divided into two equal halves. Then the two decks are merged together in such a way that one card from both decks alternate in the final set. Watch the video below to understand it better: @moorzmagic The best feeling ever. ##fyp ##foryourpage ##oddlysatisfying ##satisfying ##houseoftiktok  Coffee for Your Head - Vinyll The best feeling ever. ##fyp ##foryourpage ##oddlysatisfying ##satisfying ##houseoftiktok Wasnt that just stunning to watch? We sure think so. This seems like a perfect way to shuffle cards after one too many games of Uno Several TikTok users also think the video is quite interesting to watch and showered it with comments. And I thought the split was satisfying, wrote an individual. Was that the perfect shuffle? Yes it was, posted another. Im crying, that was so beautiful, commented a third. People cant shuffle like this when were playing Uno SMH, added a fourth. This individual was more interested in how the shuffle came about. So how do you do that then, they asked. Practice makes perfect, came the reply. So what do you think of this card shuffling method. Think you can try and ace it? </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/netizens-are-amazed-with-tiktok-s-abstract-challenge-tried-it-yet/story-2Q9ksQMrYlkCMTIkH3PDLO.html</url>
<title>Netizens are amazed with TikToks abstract challenge. Tried it yet?</title>
<body >Capturing moments and telling a story with lenses is something all photographers will relate to. But taking that perfect snap of a sunset or acing the backlight of a monochrome portrait might seem difficult. Trust the Internet to share a work around it. TikTokers are taking up a new challenge and this involves a camera. Termed as the Abstract challenge, this trend has resulted in some really cool creations from netizens. This TikTok challenge requires the participant to have a digital camera. The challenge starts with a step-by-step tutorial of how to activate the function of multiple exposure from settings. After selecting two or more shots, the individual just needs to select a subject and click it in two different angles. The results are nothing less than pure magic! Generally most DSLRs have the option of multiple exposure included in the settings but if you dont have one, a simple photo editing app will do the trick. Here are some examples for you to take inspiration from- Take cue from this woman for a self-timed aesthetic portrait all your friends may envy @biasinphotography New Challenge ##abstractchallenge ##photomagic ##photochallenge ##photography ##photographer  original sound - saffronmorriz New Challenge ##abstractchallenge ##photomagic ##photochallenge ##photography ##photographer You mayve seen pictures in magazines with a hint of nature, now you can also pull it off yourself @complikayted Omg im so pumped about how this turned out  thanks to @saffronmorriz ##photomagic ##abstractchallenge ##photoideas ##selfportait  original sound - saffronmorriz Omg im so pumped about how this turned out  thanks to @saffronmorriz ##photomagic ##abstractchallenge ##photoideas ##selfportait Now you can create as many scenarios from the figments of your imagination and see them on your camera @zephyr_queen Well that was fun.  Passing this challenge to @instantjake  @rami.bassi ##photographer ##photograhy ##fyp ##challenge ##abstractchallenge  original sound - saffronmorriz Well that was fun.  Passing this challenge to @instantjake  @rami.bassi ##photographer ##photograhy ##fyp ##challenge ##abstractchallenge For all those who want a dreamy DP to put on social media accounts, heres your key @leneunderhaug ##photograhy ##abstractchallnge ##portrait ##photomagic ##photochallenge ##foryou   original sound - saffronmorriz ##photograhy ##abstractchallnge ##portrait ##photomagic ##photochallenge ##foryou  Another example of taking a surreal yet perfect portrait @weareicewater ##greenscreen Thought this audio was cool so I had to try it out. ##duet ##photographyhacks ##photohack ##multipleexposure ##canoncamera ##fyp ##xyzbca  original sound - saffronmorriz ##greenscreen Thought this audio was cool so I had to try it out. ##duet ##photographyhacks ##photohack ##multipleexposure ##canoncamera ##fyp ##xyzbca The best part of this challenge is that you can take it up right inside your home. Netizens are already loving this challenge and experimenting with different subjects and angles. So what are you waiting for? Grab your cameras and get clickin. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/nagpur-police-gives-twist-to-kuch-kuch-hota-hai-scene-to-share-this-important-message/story-QUq8ilX7kYs3pmSNEUK0fO.html</url>
<title>Nagpur Police gives twist to Kuch Kuch Hota Hai scene to share this important message</title>
<body >Wittiness and creativity are often the ways which can help in driving home an important message, especially during these trying times. Following the same, Nagpur Police has now shared a fun and creative post inspired by the iconic film Kuch Kuch Hota Hai but with a twist. Taking to Twitter, the department tweeted a famous scene from the movie to share a message about the importance of wearing masks. The image shows Rahul (Shah Rukh Khan) holding Tinas (Rani Mukerji) hand while embracing Anjali (Kajol). Nagpur Police just tweaked the image a little and shared it with a humorous caption. They wrote, Dont let this bond break....Kyunki, Bohot Kuch Hota Hai! and shared this image: Don't let this bond break....Kyunki, Bohot Kuch Hota Hai!#WearAMask#NagpurPolice pic.twitter.com/fai9yIC4kZ Nagpur City Police (@NagpurPolice) May 27, 2020 Don't let this bond break....Kyunki, Bohot Kuch Hota Hai!#WearAMask#NagpurPolice pic.twitter.com/fai9yIC4kZ Since being posted a few hours ago, the tweet has already garnered over 500 likes and counting. Additionally, it has also received tons of comments from people. Haha interesting. We should learn from you, wrote a Twitter user. Keeping the spirit intact, another user of the micro-blogging site used a GIF from the same movie, they shared: pic.twitter.com/2l9qmgpXev Rajveer Singh (@GamerLaunda) May 27, 2020 pic.twitter.com/2l9qmgpXev Going out should be delayed but mask should be near, another Twitter user offered some advice. What do you think of the post by Nagpur Police? Also Read | Gulabo Sitabo trailer featuring Amitabh Bachchan and Ayushmann Khurrana is Mumbai Polices new advisory meme inspiration </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/woman-appears-to-levitate-while-falling-off-rope-swing-bizarre-video-has-people-freaking-out/story-FRc4yAEKLCr0Zt1K4UkQaJ.html</url>
<title>Woman appears to levitate while falling off rope swing. Bizarre video has people freaking out</title>
<body >Some things on the Internet leave you thinking, wait, what just happened there? This video of a woman falling off a rope swing is one of those. This seemingly regular video has caused a storm of reactions on Instagram. Chances are, itll make you wonder what happens in it when you watch it too. The clip starts off looking like a regular scene of a woman preparing to take a leap while holding a rope swing. However, she suddenly loses her grip and starts falling. Whats freaking people out is a moment during this fall when it appears like shes levitating. Has that increased your interest in this clip too? Well, well just let you watch it to see what happens. View this post on Instagram           2020 hit me hard like.... Happy Monday, friends! I hope my sister makes yall laugh as hard as I did watching this - On repeat  A post shared by  Myka Shae (@mykashaee) on May 18, 2020 at 5:36am PDT 2020 hit me hard like.... Happy Monday, friends! I hope my sister makes yall laugh as hard as I did watching this - On repeat  A post shared by  Myka Shae (@mykashaee) on May 18, 2020 at 5:36am PDT We bet you watched that video again to see what happened. Several people were left wondering the same thing as is clear from the comments on the post. What in the Blair Witch Project is going on here! comments an individual probably freaked out by what they saw. How thats possible? wonders another. How did you stop in the air and flip in the other direction? asks a third really elaborating on that exact moment. WOW! So cool. You break physics law, posts a fourth. In case youre wondering what happened, heres an explanation. Look at the bottom of the rope. There is a finer rope to retrieve the thicker cord. She was just stuck in the fine rope. So what do you think about the video? </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/sports/athletes-resume-outdoor-training-at-patiala-centre-top-coaches-barred/story-J1By0bry1f9RJwzBmEV5CK.html</url>
<title>Athletes resume outdoor training at Patiala centre, top coaches barred</title>
<body >For close to two months, elite athletes at the SAI centres in Patiala and Bengaluru were not allowed to venture out of their hostels amid strict lockdown protocol. On Wednesday when they finally got the go ahead to resume outdoor training, it was a new start for most of them. There are close to 40 core group track and field athletes, including javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra, Hima Das, womens 100m relay team, shot putter Tejinder Pal Singh Toor and Navjeet Dhillon in Patiala. On Wednesday, athletes went out in small groups of three to four to three different grounds of the Patiala facility, fully kitted and with face masks on. Nobody was allowed to carry their mobile phones. They had to use the foot-pedal sanitiser kept at the ground and maintain social distancing while doing their drills. Also Read | Sports Authority of India headquarters sanitised after officials kin tests positive Tokyo Olympics hopeful Chopra said it will take some time to get comfortable with the new normal. Chopra had another javelin thrower Rohit Yadav for company during training. It was a nice feeling to get to the grass ground. We did some running and light exercise. It was the first day so we did not push ourselves. We will continue to do light training for some more days, said Chopra who returned from Turkey on March 13 and quarantined himself at NIS Patiala. We were told about the dos and donts like not to spit, maintain social distancing, use sanitizer etc. We tried to run keeping a safe distance from each other. It will take some time to get adjusted to these norms. It will be some time before we start throwing the javelin, he added. Also Read | Tokyo qualification period extended in badminton Chopra qualified for Tokyo Olympics in a South Africa meet in January with a throw of 87.86m in his first competitive event since returning from injury. He was then looking to participate in international events in the build up to Olympics when the pandemic came as a blow. I was very excited that I will be going to participate in my first Olympics but then the postponement happened. It was disappointing and then we were not able to train. I used to think when can we go out for normal training, when will I be able to throw the javelin again. At least things have started moving now, he said. However, none of the top coaches were present as four of them - chief coach Bahadur Singh, JS Bhatia (middle and long distance), German biomechanic expert Klaus Bartonietz, who is overseeing Chopras training, and sprint coach (400m and 400m relay) Galina Bukharina - are above 65 years old and not allowed to be part of training as per government guidelines. So assistant coaches accompanied the athletes. AFI president Adille Sumariwalla said this was the first phase of 10-day training and safety of the athletes was top priority. We have chalked out a fitness programme that will not be physically demanding. There are no specific workouts and so the absence of senior coaches will not be felt during these easy training sessions, said Sumariwalla. Bahadur Singh was, however, included in the 10-member Covid task force panel set up by SAI to monitor training of athletes as required by the governments Standard Operating Procedures. NIS executive director Col (retd) Raj Singh Bishnoi, is the chairman. The panel will oversee that athletes follow the SOP. In Bengaluru SAI centre the race-walking team and middle distance runner Jinson Johnson did not go out for training. The athletes including the mens and womens hockey squads have quarantined themselves as a precautionary measure after a cook who came to the campus died and tested positive. Our coach said there was no need to hurry and we can start after the 14-day quarantine period, said one of the race walkers. In Patiala and Bengaluru athletes have been given a staggered schedule for participation in sporting activities, to ensure social distancing norms. SAI said in a statement. Avinash Sable, mens 3000m steeplechase record holder and Olympic hopeful, also started training outdoors in Ooty at the Army cantonment area. He had earned his Olympic qualification at the 2019 Doha World Championships. We went for a long and easy run that was within the comfortable zone. Since we have been advised to take it easy and not to push hard, we will not exert in training for the next 10 days, said Sables coach Amrish Kumar. But will go out and see how our body reacts to each training session as we havent done any aerobic workout since March 24, said Amrish. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/equestrian-star-mirza-set-for-first-competition-after-lockdown/story-i4iUJmtdT8Tvt1qPQTV8RK.html</url>
<title>Equestrian star Mirza set for first competition after lockdown</title>
<body >Indias Asian Games equestrian double-silver medallist Fouaad Mirza is set to participate in his first post-lockdown international competition next month. He will take part in the Eventing discipline in a CCI 3* S competition to be held in Oldenburg, Germany from June 11-14. The event is being touted as a kickoff to the process of putting the sport back on the rails before they resume the remaining part of the qualifying schedule for the postponed Tokyo Olympics. This current event thats going to be held between June 11-14 is a CCI 3* S competition. It is going to be held in Germany in a region called the Oldenburg. Its the first international show to be held in our sport in Eventing discipline. As of yesterday (Tuesday), it has cleared all of the checkpoints to run, it is definitely going to happen, informed Mirza, who has secured berth for India at Tokyo Olympics but is seeking a personal quota confirmation as well. The three-day Eventing discipline involves a cross-country race, dressage and show jumping in the stadium, all spread over three days. A CCI 3* S is a mid-level competition in which a cross-country race is held over a 28003600m course with 28-36 efforts (hurdles). The stadium part is run at a speed of 550 metres per minute (mpm) and has maximum of 14 efforts and 10-11 obstacles. Mirza is currently stationed in Bergedorf, a sparsely populated village in Hamburg, Germany, and is training under Sandra Auffgarth since the start of the year. With regards to preparing for it, I have always been training; my horses have not stopped training as well. Surely, the intensity of training had decreased but when this competition came up on the horizon, we started to pick up the ante, said Mirza, who is a product of Embassy International Riding School, Bangalore, said. He will be competing on his new horse Dajara 4. The entire equestrian community will be keenly following the event. It is going to be interesting as this show is going to be used as a basis for other international shows to run successfully. If this show is successful and things work out well for the organising committee with regards to the whole pandemic, then they will get confidence to hold more and more shows and slowly open up the borders. This will allow us to compete abroad. Asked about his plans after the event, Mirza said: We are right now taking it one show at a time as we dont know if there will be another competition after this one. It all depends on what the situation is with regards to the virus. We cant make any decisions because of it. If there are any spikes in cases or spikes in deaths in these areas, all shows will be cancelled again. These are strict rules and regulations that have been set by the government and the states in Germany. The health and safety of people comes first and that is of utmost importance. Mirza has not been much affected by the lockdown as it was business as usual for him albeit with focus on social distancing and personal hygiene. The government recognises that, so the people working in the equestrian industry were allowed to continue work, the shops were allowed to remain open. Individuals working away from homeriders, grooms, vets were allowed to travel if they wanted to go home. So we kept training but the only difference was there were no competitions. The break is good for his horse Seigneur Medicott, which he rode to two silver medals in the 2018 Asian Games, allowing the horse ample time to recover from a suspensory ligament in his hind leg. If it (Olympics) was this year, it would have been too early for him to recover. But now that they are postponed till next year, hes got a bit more time to rehab and recover, said Mirza. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/neha-dhupia-turns-emotional-as-daughter-mehr-interrupts-roadies-live-audition-it-s-like-she-needs-me-watch/story-GXAjzWKIbe4tMmXNtZ49vJ.html</url>
<title>Neha Dhupia turns emotional as daughter Mehr interrupts Roadies live audition: Its like she needs me. Watch</title>
<body >Challenges of being a working mom turned real for Neha Dhupia who was interrupted by her one-year-old daughter Mehr during a live audition for her reality show, Roadies Revolution. The baby girl not just wanted her badly but also left the actor emotional, who continued saying,  Mama is coming, mama is coming to soothe her in the middle of an audition. Sharing a video proof of her work from experience on Instagram, Neha wrote, #BUSTED !!! ... #workfromhome gets real!!! Especially when your daughter walks into a live audition and decides to pull your earrings and wants her mama back to play!!! Once a reality show always a reality show ... #roadiesrevolution #gangneha #worklifemeetsmomlife. View this post on Instagram           #BUSTED !!!  ... #workfromhome gets real!!! Especially when your daughter walks into a live audition and decides to pull your earrings and wants her mama back to play!!! Once a reality show always a reality show ... #roadiesrevolution #gangneha #worklifemeetsmomlife A post shared by  Neha Dhupia (@nehadhupia) on May 27, 2020 at 1:47am PDT #BUSTED !!!  ... #workfromhome gets real!!! Especially when your daughter walks into a live audition and decides to pull your earrings and wants her mama back to play!!! Once a reality show always a reality show ... #roadiesrevolution #gangneha #worklifemeetsmomlife A post shared by  Neha Dhupia (@nehadhupia) on May 27, 2020 at 1:47am PDT The video shows Neha and her co-judge Nikhil Chinapa auditioning a contestant who plays a guitar to impress them. While Nikhil is also seen enjoying snacks during the auditions , Neha was photobombed by her daughter who clinged to her to play with her. As the actor tried to send her away and hide her from the camera, the little one went on to pull her earring and dragged her away from the frame. Nehas husband Angad eventually came to her rescue and took the child away but the baby girl started crying for her mom. A helpless Neha turned emotional and kept on saying, Mamas coming, Mamas coming to console her. She said while wiping her tears, Its like she needs me. I am such a bag of emotions right now. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Reacting to Mehrs arrival during the live audition, Nikhil says in the video, Theres so much happening in this audition right now - there is music, there is drama, there is action. Neha had returned to work just a few weeks after the birth of her daughter last year. On being asked about how she manages work and motherhood, the actor had told Hindustan Times in an interview , As parents, both I and Angad dont make a big deal out of anything. And thats how we end up doing something like this. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/25-resident-doctors-rescued-from-fire-in-dobhi-talao-hotel/story-IepeR9arz5VkVYuNUHeWTN.html</url>
<title>25 resident doctors rescued from fire in Dobhi Talao hotel</title>
<body >A hotel in Dhobi Talao which was being used to house resident doctors caught fire late on Wednesday night. A level two fire broke out at Hotel Fortune that was housing around 25 resident doctors. No injuries were reported due to the incident, and all the doctors were rescued safely, the Mumbai Fire Brigade (MFB) said. According to MFB, the fire was reported on the second and fourth floor of the ground-plus-four-storey hotel building. On reaching the spot, firefighters learnt that a few guests were stranded on the upper floors of the building. The fire later spread to the other floors and was confined to the electric wiring and cables in the electrical duct, the false ceiling in the lobby, and common passages of the hotel building. P Rahangdale, chief fire officer of MFB, said, The hotel was housing around 25 resident doctors. They have all been evacuated safely. Five were rescued using fire brigade ladders. The headcount is ongoing to ascertain if anyone is missing and fire-fighting is still on. At present, doctors working in Covid wards are being given accommodation at hotels in the city. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/37-indian-women-never-bought-gold-jewellery-but-want-to-report/story-WSkrGXgCuI88InSXP66rMM.html</url>
<title>37% Indian women never bought gold jewellery, but want to: Report</title>
<body >A World Gold Council (WGC) report on Wednesday said that there is an ample scope for retail demand of gold jewellery in the country as around 37 per cent of Indian women have never bought gold but would consider purchasing in the future. The World Gold Councils Retail Gold Insights: India Jewellery report also noted that 60 per cent of the Indian women already own gold jewellery and it is the second most popular item among fashion and lifestyle shoppers, preceded only by designer clothes and silk sarees. Nevertheless, the gold industry has an opportunity to reach a significant new audience: 37 per cent of Indian women are potential buyers, representing a sizable new target audience for the gold jewellery industry. 44 per cent of rural respondents fell into this category, compared with 30 per cent of urban respondents, it said. Further, 40 per cent respondents had bought gold jewellery in the preceding 12-month period, eclipsing purchases of diamond or platinum jewellery. The survey found that urban women tend to focus on the sense of security that gold brings, highlighting its role as a display of wealth as well as a store of value and rural Indian women place greater emphasis on golds widespread acceptability and its aspirational qualities, viewing it as a means of commanding respect. As per the report, although many young women are active gold jewellery consumers, 33 per cent of Indian women aged 18-24 years bought gold jewellery in the 12 months preceding the survey their future purchase intent is low, particularly in urban areas. Somasundaram P.R., Managing Director, India, World Gold Council, said: Indias jewellery market is world-leading in the skills of its artisans, who craft the most elaborate and decorative pieces that adorn the nations women. But the industry needs to be alert to the changing times. This research shows us that consumer tastes are evolving, and there is a risk of gold jewellery losing its connection with younger audiences as other brands vie for the attention of the millennial generation. Gold jewellery faces challenges from perceptions that it is a traditional necessity and not versatile enough for the modern Indian women, he said. He noted that enhancing the purchase experience for consumers, incorporating a greater role for technology, should also be focus for the industry. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/travel/airlines-are-gathering-momentum-for-a-short-haul/story-4Lc7lh6i50kwxqs6FHgd7K.html</url>
<title>Airlines are gathering momentum for a short haul</title>
<body >One of the few sectors left behind in the sharp April rebound has finally taken off. European airlines have rallied hard in the past few days, spurred by bailouts and economies reopening. Full recovery may still be a long way down the line, but investors dont want to be left behind. The Bloomberg EMEA Airlines Index has finally broken out of a tight range that held for more than two months. The index is up 32% since May 15, but such was the extent of the sectors drop that its still down 45% for the year. Theres been a string of positive news recently for the sector. Economies are slowly reopening across Europe, and tourists on the continent are likely to be able to travel this summer, even though Germanys decision on travel warning was postponed to June 3. At a corporate level, there has been government support or bailouts for legacy airlines such as Air France-KLM and Deutsche Lufthansa AG. Bailouts and state-guaranteed loans come at a price though. Airlines are likely to end up with high levels of debt and potentially less management flexibility in cases where states become shareholders. In Lufthansas case, note that the EU already made some demands on airport slots, while Ryanair Holdings Plc said it will appeal the aid. As for Air France-KLM, the carrier already started talks with unions to cut staff and capacity. According to airlines association IATA, 55% of government aid made available to airlines due to Covid-19 crisis will create debt. Overall, airlines debt is expected to surge from $430 billion at end-2019 to $550 billion at end-2020, a nearly 28% increase. This wouldnt be a major problem if demand was expected to pick up fast, but thats hardly the case. For example, British Airways already warned it doesnt see demand reaching pre-crisis levels before 2023. Other changes prompted by the pandemic will also weigh on the sector. The U.K.s decision to impose a fortnights quarantine on travelers entering or coming back to the country is a blow to the industry, given Britain is by far the biggest European market by ticket revenue, according to IATA, and also the least state-sponsored, as shown in the chart below. Profitability will likely continue to suffer, especially given that company travel isnt expected to recover rapidly either. Just a 1% impact on corporate volumes would erode airline profits by 10%, Citigroup Inc. analysts say. They also generate 40% of revenue, with only 15% of passengers. Looking at the chart below, the rout in earnings forecast is unprecedented, and some recovery on that front may be needed to justify further gains. Looking at single stocks, Ryanair and Wizz Air Holdings Plc are the only two investable airlines, Citi analysts including Mark Manduca said on Monday. According to them, both IAG SA and EasyJet Plc are likely to raise more capital in the coming months, while there is very little equity left in Lufthansa, no matter how much money the German government provides the airline. 2020 Bloomberg L.P. (This story has been published from a wire agency without modifications to the text) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/asha-negi-says-she-was-depressed-when-two-consecutive-shows-failed-i-put-on-weight-because-i-was-eating-so-much/story-2uyRDndOfQlmc6oiCUXTZN.html</url>
<title>Asha Negi says she was depressed when two consecutive shows failed: I put on weight because I was eating so much</title>
<body >Television actor Asha Negi, who shot to fame with the popular show Pavitra Rishta, has revealed that she was depressed after two consecutive shows of hers performed badly. She said that it not only took a toll on her emotionally but also physically as she gained weight due to emotional eating. Asha replaced the lead in two shows -- Ek Mutthi Aasmaan and Kuch Toh Hai Tere Mere Darmiyaan -- but they both went off air shortly after that, due to poor ratings. In an interview with Pinkvilla, she said, Emotions did ride high when the two shows didnt work. When the first show did not work, I was like, It is okay, maybe I have had a good career in the past, so one not working is okay. But then the next also did not work and I was really disheartened. I was so demotivated. I thought it was over for me. I was very depressed at that time. I had also put on weight because I was eating so much because of depression. It did hamper my mental peace and confidence. Eventually, Asha realised that she could not control how her shows would fare. The only thing she could do was choose her projects more carefully. Also read | Sara Khan calls her lip filler a disaster: I didnt like my look at that time With time, I healed and realised that I am an actor and here to perform and it is okay if my projects did not work, but I can be a little selective with my projects. I wont pick up any project for the heck of it. Thats why I took a long break because nothing good was offered to me. I am glad it happened. You know, when I had to come to Mumbai, I got projects back to back without much struggle despite my inexperience. I did not see struggle then, so, I feel this is when I struggled. I collected myself then, and with time, I evolved as an actor and person, she said. Most recently, Asha was seen in the web series Baarish 2, alongside Sharman Joshi. The shows new season revolves around Anuj and Gauravis marriage and the hurdles they face. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/i-am-not-interested-in-shot-at-home-videos-though-i-have-been-asked-to-do-the-same-says-aniruddh-dave/story-pxLONpYP0eSOeevezRx9JM.html</url>
<title>I am not interested in shot-at-home videos, though I have been asked to do the same, says Aniruddh Dave</title>
<body >I feel that this time is not going to come back. I know we have seen a lockdown for the first time and I hope it is the last too. But yes, we have learned that anything can happen in life, says Aniruddh Dave, who is using this time to spend with family. I have learnt that we can live our life happily, with our family, even with minimal things, he adds. The Patiala Babes actor has been reading and playing musical instruments. He shares that he is not in favour of celebrities shooting work videos at home. I am not interested in shot-at-home videos, though I have been asked to do the same, I like to work on set because I need that vibe to act. People who are shooting from home are great actors but I need the whole team and crew to shoot. I enjoy shooting with them, says Dave. Not in favour of celebrities posting videos of them doing their household chores, he remarks, What you are doing at home is personal, why do you want to share it. I am not so active on social media so maybe thats why I think like that. He asserts that post lockdown things in the entertainment industry will change, and states, There wont be crowded scenes, and we will see fewer romantic scenes and lesser crew members on set. People will have to get used to this new way of life and they will have to become responsible and self-sufficient. When our lives go back to normal, I dont think most people will go out immediately. There will always be fear and I hope people are alert always. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/how-kerala-is-planning-to-tackle-covid-s-third-phase/story-gz4Sk7WuBFmAJu6LYZ0DJJ.html</url>
<title>How Kerala is planning to tackle Covids third phase</title>
<body >Kerala has the dubious distinction of reporting the first three cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) in India. But the state government handled the first two phases in an exemplary manner, setting a template for political leadership and the global health community. Kerala is now bracing for the third round of the coronavirus pandemic, with people returning to the state from foreign countries, many of which are Covid-19 hotspots. Therefore, many of the returnees are likely to be positive. But I am clear about one thing: When Keralites return from abroad or other states in the country, we have to embrace them, unreservedly. But things cannot be as before. In the first two phases, around half a million people arrived at airports and railway stations, crossed border roads and forest paths that have no checkpoints, resulting in 512 positive cases. Of these, 70% are from abroad and 30% contracted the virus through contacts. Checking the returnees is straining the states financial and human resources. However, the state government is trying its best to keep them under surveillance and, thereby, protect others from getting infected. Chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan has been involved in the management of the pandemic from the word go. Kerala is also fortunate because it has a dedicated administration and committed health workers, and most people have behaved in an extremely responsible manner. But when a large number of people are kept under surveillance in homes and institutions, it becomes impossible to take care of everyone and ensure the day-to-day management of  non-Covid-19 diseases. The government has contacted 4.3 million people, and their condition is monitored daily by the control room. We have also to ensure that patients, including the ones with lifestyle diseases, take daily medications. Drug delivery plans, using the non-communicable disease control wings in the department of health, were started during the lockdown. Police and firefighters have also helped in delivering medicines. Heart transplants were done despite the shutdown of coronary therapies and operations in many other states. Keralas involvement in mental health has been praised by the Centre and other states. Over 8,000 counsellors have been helping more than 0.8 million people for various psychological ailments. In the third phase, the states challenge is two-fold: Reduce the spread of contacts, and therefore, unrestricted access to cities and villages in vehicles will pose a serious problem; and ensure that all of those who have returned undergo preliminary tests. Sending them to observation centres is no easy task. Therefore, the government has set some restrictions on the number of arrivals by land, sea and air while arranging for the police, revenue and health departments and volunteers to help test the maximum number of people each day. The states focus in the third phase is on the category that is most likely to be easily infected, and the most likely to be fatal. A large scheme has been planned to exclude elderly persons, pregnant women, small children, persons with disabilities and co-morbidities from the coronavirus-affected areas. Besides the health, police and social justice departments, anganwadi and accredited social health activists and volunteers are in contact with these cohorts. A national lockdown and closing the borders can help prevent the spread of Covid-19. Yet, no country can keep daily activities in limbo for too long. The shortage of food, job losses and stagnation of development activities can spell collective devastation. Kerala is also planning to relax the regulations, without adversely affecting agriculture and industry. The state also needs to be on guard against rumour-mongers and naysayers. I am hoping that the never-say-die spirit of the people from Kerala will prove up to the task of facing down the third phase of the invidious virus. Today, we are in a better position compared to many other states. The interventions we made with great precision have helped to reduce the spread of the virus and mortality. But this should not make Kerala complacent against a dangerous and invisible enemy. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/editorials/india-is-right-to-be-firm-on-china/story-9HhKXJslh8D1wr3wXY4DeI.html</url>
<title>India is right to be firm on China |HTEditorial</title>
<body >India has signalled it will not back down at any of the border confrontations it has with China. Presumably, this means that the Narendra Modi government will settle for nothing less than Chinese troops moving back to their original positions and the status quo ante being restored along the Line of Actual Control. There can be no question of this being the correct stance: The experience of all Chinas neighbours has been that concessions are treated as weakness, not friendship. Beijing may have hoped that its surprise mobilisation at three points in Ladakh and Sikkim will result in a quick round of the misnamed Chinese checkers. Instead, both sides are settling for something more akin to the ancient Middle Kingdom game of go, a grinding battle of manoeuvre that will go on through the summer. The Galwan Valley confrontation is the latest in a series of confrontations triggered by Chinese attempts to hinder, if not block, Indias infrastructure construction along the border. India has fast-tracked road construction to the Daulat Beg Oldie area of northern Ladakh since repeated standoffs in that region. The construction of a connecting road into the Galwan Valley was seemingly the trigger for China to send in thousands of soldiers. While China has sought to hinder construction before, the size of its intervention is unusual and indicates there may be greater ambitions involved. Chinas description of the situation as stable and controllable is mildly reassuring. But the motives hardly matter. The Indian stance must be the same regardless. The difficult part will be calibrating Indias response to apply pressure on China and establish the credibility of Indias response. New Delhi must be prepared to show that if events along the border get out of hand, they will have a serious impact on other parts of the bilateral ties. China has long sought stability on its southern border as well as the dominance of the terrain. As India has ramped up its infrastructure, a process that has also included the deployment of fighters, new artillery, cruise missiles and, most recently, American helicopters and airlift, its dominance is coming under threat. Indias bold moves regarding Kashmir and Chinas deteriorating geopolitical environment may be leading Beijing to up the ante. If so, it is all the more reason for India to stand firm. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/the-five-ps-of-disaster-management/story-zi7NiH5Zloec7QueUay0DK.html</url>
<title>The five Ps of disaster management, writes Abhishek Singhvi</title>
<body >Representing West Bengal (WB), as I do in Parliament, I recall it seeing the deadliest cyclones in the world, especially the oxymoronically named Bhola (1970) which claimed 500,000 lives. Amphan was the first super-cyclone in the Bay of Bengal after 1999 (ie, wind speeds beyond 220 kph). Though the temporal stretch of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) seems bigger, chief minister (CM) Mamata Banerjee may be accurate, at least in temporal proportionality, when she calls Amphan a bigger disaster than Covid-19. A constitutional authority cannot be ignored if she says that 70% of the states population has been severely affected and when she underlines the quadruple whammy of Covid-19, the lockdown, migrants resettlement and the cyclone. In less than two days, Bengal lost around Rs 1 lakh crore. The cyclone left 80 dead, hundreds of thousands homeless, uprooted trees, ravaged houses, marooned dwellings, knocked out electricity and phone lines, flooded cities and villages, plundered embankments, fencings and boundaries. It wreaked ecological destruction and devastation, especially in the eco-sensitive Sundarbans. Not least was the ruination of Kolkatas iconic Great Banyan Tree, among the worlds largest. Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modis aerial tour yielded a relief package of Rs 1,000 crore ($132 million) for WB and Rs 500 crore ($66 million) for Odisha. These figures underestimate both the size of the disaster and, consequently, the size of the palliative. The Gujarat earthquake led to the central government releasing Rs 500 crore (at 2001 value, 20 years ago) plus ad hoc release of share in central taxes. The Centre is yet to release to Bengal the pending Goods and Services Tax refunds of approx Rs 2,400 crore for last quarter of FY 2019-20 (To be sure, Bengal is not alone in this regard). The CMhas rightly reminded the PM about Rs 53,000 crore on account of social security refunds from central government schemes (such as the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, Food Security Act and so on) owed to the state. Elementary but elemental steps are needed to be taken on an emergency basis to ensure efficient rehabilitation and effective growth of the affected areas. First, there is a need for a genuinely non-discriminatory and equal approach qua all states. The Gujarat episode led many international agencies to come up with financial assistance including the European Union, United States (US) Agency for International Development, Canadian International Development Agency and World Bank ($300 m) and Asian Development Bank ($500 m). Irrespective of Bengals eligibility, capacity or political orientation, the Centre owes it to such states to specially reach out to international institutions. Second, there is a need to exponentially increase government allocation to fight natural disasters. We should not be afflicted by the same fiscal stimulus inflexibility syndrome, reflected in the PMs supposed Rs 20 lakh crore Covid-19 package. Third, we cannot, on the one hand, rightly project India as a global leader and, on the other, pale when it comes to justifiable proportionate global comparisons. In the 2011 tsunami-earthquake, Japan allocated $167 billion for rehabilitation and recovery. It made a five-year plan to do so comprehensively. Similarly, the US Congress allocated $121.7 billion in hurricane relief in 2005 and 2008. Earthquake-prone Iran allocated 2% its national annual budget towards disaster risk reduction, including $4 billion in 2012. Though precise figures for allocation per head of vulnerable group are not available, it is clear that comparisons with India on per-affected-population basis yield a dismal picture. Fourth, random allocation is far less useful than targeted and focused relief measures. Japans targeted five-year plan focussed on each stakeholder  from fisheries to housing and power. Knee-jerk reactions in grand mega-announcements after cyclones, without specific sub-allocations, lose their limited vigour and vitality by the time they reach the ground target. Fifth, planned and targeted measures need to be coupled with a robust institutional framework. After 2011, the Japanese government enacted the Act on the Development of Tsunami-resilient Communities, to efficiently combine structural and non-structural measures to minimise damage. All municipalities had to draft their reconstruction plans based on modelling and the plans were based entirely on urban planning, land management, structural mitigation and relocation. Such innovations have barely been conceptualised in India, much less implemented and even medium-term thinking, much less long-term planning, is conspicuously overwhelmed by short-term ad hocism. Finally, and ironically given our cyclical annual natural disasters, we have very little policy focus on pre-disaster countermeasures. Prevention is always better than cure, and such countermeasures will be highly effective as well as cost-effective. Many countries in their disaster-prone coastal regions have constructed high seawalls to protect vulnerable communities. Odishas cyclone shelters are a praiseworthy-but-partial achievement, deserving emulation. We need five Ps to cope up with recurring disasters  prominence, as in the role of governments; a pool of funds; planning, especially long-term, of rehabilitation and development; policy qua institutional support; and preparedness qua countermeasures. There is light after the longest tunnels and only with these five Ps can we dream with French impressionist Paul Gauguin, who said, The cyclone ends. The sun returns; the lofty coconut trees lift up their plumes again; man does likewise. The great anguish is over; joy has returned; the sea smiles like a child. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 05:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/needed-a-fellowship-of-countries-to-fight-covid-19/story-9vnzXx8cMWL6k4zMUx8nqM.html</url>
<title>Needed:Afellowship of countries to fight Covid-19 | Opinion</title>
<body >One ring to rule them all, One ring to find them, One ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. In JRR Tolkiens story Lord of the Rings, a Fellowship of the Ring was formed to destroy the one ring and its evil powers. The fellowship comprised of representatives of different races of Tolkiens middle earth: Hobbits, wizards, elves, dwarves and men, who were united in their quest, despite their differences. Tolkiens remarkable story is about how they succeed by acting together. The coronavirus disease (Covid-19) is clearly the ring binding humanity in its darkness. Sadly, however, there is no fellowship in sight. On the contrary, the dark powers of the ring appear to be dividing countries more than ever before, with increasing protectionism and the decline of globalisation. The 73rd World Health Assembly of the World Health Organization (WHO), at its virtual meeting on May 18-19, adopted a resolution that recognised the unprecedented challenges posed by the pandemic, and called for equitable access to and fair distribution of all essential health technologies and products to combat the virus. It also recognised that extensive immunisation against Covid-19 is a global public good. Ahead of the World Health Assembly, more than 140 world leaders and experts made an unprecedented call that all vaccines, treatments and tests be patent-free, mass-produced, distributed fairly and made available to all people, in all countries, free of charge. The WHO assembly, however, failed to achieve consensus on ensuring how this global public good of extensive immunisation will be achieved. The WHO Assembly was preceded by a United Nations General Assembly resolution emphasising on the need for equitable, efficient and timely access to any future vaccines developed to fight the coronavirus, as well as a virtual meeting of G20 countries which emphasised that peoples health and well-being are at the heart of all decisions taken to protect lives, tackle illness and strengthen global health security. None of these initiatives, however, addressed how equitable access to medicines or vaccines for addressing Covid-19 can be achieved. India and the United States (US) were nowhere to be seen in the May 4 virtual summit, co-organised by the European Union (EU), Britain, Norway, Saudi Arabia, Japan, Canada, South Africa and several other countries and non-governmental organisations which collectively pledged $8 billion to research, manufacture and distribute possible vaccines and treatments for Covid-19. The geopolitical tensions between the US and China are threatening any coordinated multilateral response, as well as the continued existence of multilateral institutions which are central to a global effort to find a vaccine. President Donald Trump has announced a freeze on funding to WHO, on the allegations of mismanagement of the Covid-19 pandemic and bias towards China. There are also calls in the US to abolish the World Trade Organization (WTO) whose role in enforcing trade rules have in any event been rendered ineffective by US actions to scuttle the WTOs appellate body. The US governments Operation Warp Speed (a partnership between private pharmaceutical companies, government agencies and the military) is focused on the availability of a vaccine, but only for the US while Chinese biotech companies are engaged in similar efforts with their government and the Peoples Liberation Army. Outrage from the French government and the EU has reportedly resulted in the French pharmaceutical company Sanofi withdrawing its plan to give the US priority access to its potential Covid-19 vaccine. Reports on the EU-supported May 4 virtual initiative quote EU officials as stating that while pharmaceutical companies that receive the funding will not be asked to forgo Intellectual Property Rights on the new vaccine and treatments, they should commit to making them available worldwide at affordable prices. This hortatory statement, however, falls flat in the absence of a definitive plan of action necessary to address equitable access. Who will own, who will have access and on what terms, to the medicines and vaccines that are being developed  this lies at the heart of any real and effective solution to tackle Covid-19. Patents, rights over test data, and know-how, are important economic mechanisms for incentivising innovation and development of new technologies. While dealing with a pandemic of such large dimensions, however, there is a crucial need to balance private profit and the larger public good. In the mid-20th century, both inventors of the polio vaccines  Jonas Salk and Albert Sabin  declined to patent their inventions, an act which ensured widespread access and near-eradication of polio worldwide. This stood in stark contrast with one of the largest lawsuits in 1998, when 39 pharmaceutical companies sued South Africa, alleging patent violations resulting from it importing cheaper anti-AIDS drugs and other medicines. While public pressure led to the lawsuit being dropped after three years, it exemplified the complexities and significant litigation risks that can accompany any effort to implement affordable access to patented medicines. Covid-19 needs an innovative solution, and this is necessary at the stage of research and development and clinical trials, rather than something which can be addressed after a cure is found. The virus has bound our globally interconnected world like no other, and the utility of any vaccine to fight it can succeed only if there is rapid universal access to the cure. That can happen only if governments across the world develop a pragmatic approach that recognises and rewards innovators, while ensuring that access to the innovation is held in trust for the benefit of humankind. We urgently need a fellowship of countries that can fight off, arguably, the 21st centurys greatest challenge. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/5-killed-in-fire-at-bangladesh-coronavirus-treatment-tent/story-WDc6e1NxcikUlfVWOmJJPL.html</url>
<title>5 killed in fire at Bangladesh coronavirus treatment tent</title>
<body >Fire swept through a tent set up outside a hospital in an upscale area of the Bangladeshi capital to treat people infected with the coronavirus, killing five people, an official said Wednesday. The fire started at about 10 p.m. at the tent at the United Hospital Ltd. in Dhakas Gulshan area, where many diplomatic missions and corporate offices are located, said Quamrul Islam, an on-duty control room official with the citys Fire Service and Civil Defense agency. Firefighters recovered five bodies after the blaze was controlled, Islam said. The cause of the fire was under investigation. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/yogi-for-expediting-setting-up-of-migration-commission/story-dHZunMvZlXqPacChWHKafK.html</url>
<title>Yogi for expediting setting up of migration commission</title>
<body >Chief minister Yogi Adityanath has said that measures to set up the migration commission should be expedited to provide jobs to migrant workers, on Monday, amid controversy surrounding his move following Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackerays objections. Yogi gave the directives on Monday at a meeting of his Team-11 convened to review the lockdown situation here. Yes, chief minister Yogi Adityanath has asked for making efforts on a war footing to set up the migration commission. The commission will be set up in the next few days in accordance with the existing provisions of law, said chief secretary RK Tiwari. At a webinar on Sunday, chief minister said his government would set up the commission in the interest of workers and if any other state wanted to use Uttar Pradeshs manpower they would need to take the state governments permission. The migration commission will work in the interest of the migrant workers. If any other state wants UPs manpower, they cannot take them away just like that. Those states will have to do it with the consent and permission of the UP government. The way our migrant workers were ill-treated in those states, the UP government will take their insurance, social security in its hands now. The UP government will stand with them wherever they work, whether in Uttar Pradesh, other states or other countries, he said. Asked if the state government would study the Centres Inter State Migrant Workmen Act or go for enacting a new law to set up the commission, Tiwari said, Our basic objective is to watch the welfare of migrant labourers and ensure that they get their wages. The state governments move about its prior permission for jobs in other states may, however, have to stand legal scrutiny with experts saying there cant be any restriction on doing business in any part of the country. The Constitution of India provides a fundamental right allowing every citizen free movement and the right to do business anywhere in India. The state government can enact any law for welfare of migrant labourers. It however cannot restrict these rights, said former advisor to governor and legal expert CB Pandey. About 25 lakh migrant labourers have already reached the state. The state government is carrying out an exercise for skill mapping of the migrant labourers. An official spokesman said the skill mapping so far has indicated the largest number of 1,51,492 migrant workers have come from the real estate development sector. Yogi said the skill mapping exercise should continue and the district employment exchanges should be made useful, and help migrant labourers get a job. Earlier, reacting strongly to Yogis announcement, MNS chief Raj Thackeray, in a post on Twitter, on Monday, said, The CM of Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath has stated that if the services of workers of UP are required, then prior permission of the UP government is essential. If such is the case, then any migrant entering Maharashtra too, would need to take permissions from us, from the Maharashtra state, our police force. Shri Adityanath needs to take cognizance of this. Thackeray further said, Also, the Maharashtra government needs to look into this matter seriously. In future, whenever migrants do enter our state, they will need to be registered and their personal details and their identification proof will need to be submitted to the police station. Only if these requirements are met with diligently, will they be allowed to enter Maharashtra. A strict adherence to the above needs to be followed by Maharashtra. In another tweet Thackeray said, Also, the migrant workers from UP will have voting rights only in UP. As per rules laid down, a voter can only vote from one place and cannot exercise their voting rights in two places. This fact needs to be realised by CM Adityanath, by Maharashtra and other states too. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/agra-s-36-hotspots-pose-hurdles-on-road-to-normality/story-eLcvNFGwJbcBHB6AciwmVP.html</url>
<title>Agras 36 hotspots pose hurdles on road to normality</title>
<body >They are here, there and everywhere, both physically and psychologically. Thirty-six heavily barricaded hotspots in Agra district are a daily reminder to people here that the Taj city is far from being on the road to normality. The district has reported the maximum of 851 Covid-19 cases in Uttar Pradesh and a death toll of 31. Agras tryst with the coronavirus began on March 2 when five positive cases were reported. The area where the affected family resided  Master Plan Road  was isolated from the remaining city. As the number of infected patients grew, more hotspot areas were marked. Besides being a hurdle in movement on the road, these containment zones are almost like a psychological barrier. Till they continue to exist, one cannot expect normality, says Dr Madhurima Sharma, head of the department of Hindi at St Johns College here. Even if movement is allowed within the city with opening of markets, these containment zones will certainly keep one away, Sharma says. I recently went out to buy medicine. When I realised that I was quite close to a hotspot area, I dropped the idea and went to another locality for purchasing the medicine, adds Dr Sharma. With so many hotspots, no one can expect normality in our city. The value of jaan (life) is deemed higher than jahan (worldly affairs), says Rajeev Gupta, former president of the National Chamber for Industries and Commerce. With so many hotspot areas in the city, only shops for essential items would be approached. Thus, normality seem to be a far-fetched idea for Agra, adds Gupta. Anybody moving in the city for some distance comes across such containment zones where the roads are blocked. A suitable ambience for trade seems to be a distant dream with so many hotspots in the city, says TN Agarwal, president of the Agra Vyapar Mandal. The footwear industry in Agra mostly has local workers who live in the hotspot areas, where the smaller units are located. The Taj Mahal, an attraction for tourists the world over, is in Tajganj, a major hotspot which has 64 Covid-19 cases. Some other hotspots have industrial units and commercial centres. HOW A HOTSPOT IS DECLARED Agras chief medical officer Dr RC Pandey says once a coronavirus case is found in a locality, the area is termed as a containment zone or hotspot. Earlier, it used to be within a radius of one kilometre from the place where a Covid-19 case was found, but now we have reduced the area to 400 metres, he says. We apply certain restrictions and speed up sanitization in this area. The stress is on social distancing and movement within the containment zone is restricted to the best possible extent, he adds. After 21 days from the last Covid-19 case being reported, the area is removed from the list of hotspots, Pandey says. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/eid-2020-chef-vikas-khanna-shows-how-india-can-be-united-through-food/story-zwyOf9r8EF1txr7FgbcQlN.html</url>
<title>Eid 2020: Chef Vikas Khanna shows how India can be united through food</title>
<body > For Eid is a festival of togetherness and gratitude, and the Michelin-star chef Vikas Khanna has already taken the lead by  feeding two lakh people recently, in Mumbai, wherein dry rations, spices, seviyan, sugar, drinks, vegetables, fruits, and utensils were distributed. Through this one month (of Ramzan), I wanted to show the world our solidarity, especially in the current times, and how the country can come together and be united through food. Challenges and darkness can be won only by unity and light, says Khanna, in a telephonic conversation from US. Worlds Largest EID Feast, served 200,000 meals in Mumbai today as a part of #FeedIndia #JaiHo #MyIndia#PowerOfSolidarity#EID2020 pic.twitter.com/LAyavXRoKv Vikas Khanna (@TheVikasKhanna) May 22, 2020 Worlds Largest EID Feast, served 200,000 meals in Mumbai today as a part of #FeedIndia #JaiHo #MyIndia#PowerOfSolidarity#EID2020 pic.twitter.com/LAyavXRoKv And not just this, the master chef has also taken up the arduous task and the massive operation of distributing six million cooked and dry rations in more than 79 cities across India. The numbers are huge, so the feeling must be surreal? Ask him and pat comes the reply, Jaise mad scientist nahin hote the; calculate karte the ki iss sheher mein itni demand hain. Maine toh sirf mummy ke liye kiya (I did this for my mother). I was feeling helpless since mom is alone in Amritsar (Punjab). This was killing me. Khanna, who has directed the film, The Last Color (2019), tells us, Main police se baat kar raha hun; main garam paani pi raha hoon, meri awaz nahin nikal rahi (I was just speaking to the police; and sipping hot water to clear my throat). Sharing how he began working on arranging rations for the needy, he says, I received a photograph in a spam mail; this was from an organisation that showed elderly lying on the floor, presumably sending out a message that these elderly hadnt eaten for days! Khanna adds, The picture was so powerful. Donate ka button tha wahan to maine donate kar diya. Later, I got to know that it was an old, fabricated photo. But, if you still think about old age homes or leprosy centres... Imagine, ration toh nahi hoga inke paas, because they are based on daily donations. And they cant go out. Khanna tweeted about wanting to help and then there was no looking back. Tweet mein toh aag lag gayi. Logon ne batana shuru kar diya. I said I dont want you to go outside of the house during the lockdown. Kisi ke paas number hoga care taker ka. Kuch ration chahiye toh arrange karenge. We started (helping out like) this in various cities according to the demand. I was also self-paying in the beginning, and was thinking of the cost in so many ways, says Khanna, who was later joined in by many helping hands. Food Unites Us All. Thank you.#FeedIndia by @MaximusCollabs #EId2020 @IndiaGateFoods @satyaprad1 @NDRFHQ @Paytm @GOQii @BergnerIndia @PushpMasale @GranulesB @bambinofoods @mawanasugar @HungerBoxApp @MahimTrust @DaawatFinest @FinolexPipe @_mukulmadhav @vodafoneIN_Fdtn pic.twitter.com/OMTGaHOdep Vikas Khanna (@TheVikasKhanna) May 22, 2020 Food Unites Us All. Thank you.#FeedIndia by @MaximusCollabs #EId2020 @IndiaGateFoods @satyaprad1 @NDRFHQ @Paytm @GOQii @BergnerIndia @PushpMasale @GranulesB @bambinofoods @mawanasugar @HungerBoxApp @MahimTrust @DaawatFinest @FinolexPipe @_mukulmadhav @vodafoneIN_Fdtn pic.twitter.com/OMTGaHOdep Any noble task is often met with its share of ups and downs, and Khanna was duped on more than one occasions. But, he got the much needed push from his mother. I gave the money to a guy and he blocked me on WhatsApp. I was like Whats going on here. It was difficult for my brain (to process). Mom said Remember when you were a kid, and you used to cut and burn yourself all the time? Tab ghar mein sab kehte the yeh kya bewakoofon ka profession hai. Biji kehte the ki haath nahin jalenge toh seekhega kaise khanna banana (My grandmother used to say that if you wont burn your hand then how will you learn to cook!), he recalls. Yet, how he describes himself is by using phrases such as old school, disciplined and organised. Update May 22. 1. Regular dry ration deliveries at OldAge homes, orphanages n leprosy centres. 2. Today EID Feast distribution to 2 Lacs+ people in Mumbai #HajiAli 3. FuelStation 2 FoodStations on highways ready4.Quintals of meals ready to serve highways, stations  bus stops pic.twitter.com/QHIVQfpAKL Vikas Khanna (@TheVikasKhanna) May 22, 2020 Update May 22. 1. Regular dry ration deliveries at OldAge homes, orphanages n leprosy centres. 2. Today EID Feast distribution to 2 Lacs+ people in Mumbai #HajiAli 3. FuelStation 2 FoodStations on highways ready4.Quintals of meals ready to serve highways, stations  bus stops pic.twitter.com/QHIVQfpAKL Khanna was amazed by the power of solidarity on Twitter, and got motivated when celebs such as food writer Vir Sanghvi, veteran actors Shabana Azmi, Anupam Kher, Neena Gupta, and legendary singer Lata Mangeshkar, boosted his morale. Meanwhile, several volunteers joined Khanna. We also saw people saying We dont want help, we want to help. People felt the pain, hence were gravitating towards this. We did second experimentation in NCR. It was a super failure again. The question was who will deliver the ration? I tweeted on the issues of deliveries. And a boy tagged the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF). That changed my life forever, he shares. Appreciation and naysayers, Khanna has seen both in the due process. Of course, some people sent such hateful mails. I dont respond to it. So much of hate you experience everyday. There have been times when ration has disappeared too. But jab achcha hota hai, main SRK [Shah Rukh Khan] ka gaana laga ke dance kar leta hoon (When something good works out, Iplay on SRKs song and dance to it), he quips. And till when does he aims to continue this drive? Jab tak himmat hai, karoonga. Maine kabhi aadha kaam nahi kiya hai (Till the time I have the energy, Iwill continue. I have never left a job mid-way), he concludes. Follow @nainaarora8 </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/delhi-reports-sharp-single-day-rise-of-635-covid-19-cases-tally-crosses-14-000/story-oQMlK2Gy30T5WXE02qQs9H.html</url>
<title>Delhi reports sharp single-day rise of 635 Covid-19 cases, tally crosses 14,000</title>
<body >Delhi has reported 635 fresh cases of Covid-19 in a steep single-day rise in coronavirus infections. As per the update shared by the Delhi state health department, with the addition of new Covid-19 cases, the citys Covid-19 tally has jumped to 14,053. According to the bulletin, there are 7,006 active cases of coronavirus in Delhi while 6,771 patients have recovered or have been discharged from the hospital. The Covid-19 death toll in Delhi has risen to 276. Also read: Not many severe cases, low death rate: Kejriwal says Covid-19 situation is in control Delhi health minister Satyendar Jain on Sunday said that 508 newCovid-19 infectionswere reported in the national capital till May 23 midnight. The national capital has reported over 500 fresh coronavirus infections daily this past week. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Monday said that over 3,500 fresh Covid-19 cases have been registered in the national capital since the past week while roughly 1,500 patients have recovered from the infection. Also read: 20% beds reserved for Covid-19 in Delhis private hospitals, tracking system in the offing In an online address, the chief minister said that although the cases are rising, the situation is under control as most cases are not severe and are being treated at home. The rate of fatalities is also not high, however, we are prepared for a spike in severe cases if it happens, Kejriwal said.Over 5,000 hospital beds will be made available for Covid-19 patients in Delhi. Private hospitals across the national capital have been directed to keep 20% of their beds reserved for Covid-19 patients. This will lead to the availability of 2,000 more beds for Covid-19 patients, the chief minister said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 14:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/kejriwal-says-20-beds-reserved-for-covid-19-patients-in-private-hospitals-tracking-system-in-the-offing-10-points/story-ggog5jHiM6Y1eWCttwIj5M.html</url>
<title>Kejriwal says 20% beds reserved for Covid-19 patients in private hospitals, tracking system in the offing: 10 points</title>
<body >Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Monday said that the coronavirus situation in the national capital is under control and there is nothing to panic. The chief minister said that although cases are rising, people are getting treated and recovering from the disease. Kejriwal said the number of deaths due to Covid-19 is not high and not many severe cases of coronavirus are being reported, as a result, not many hospital beds across the national capital are occupied while most Covid-19 patients are getting treated at their homes. The chief minister added that the administration is getting ready to tackle a sudden spike in severe cases of coronavirus for which over 5,000 hospital beds will be made available. Here are key takeaways from Kejriwals address: 1) Of around 4,000 hospital beds available with the government, around 1,500 are occupied while nearly 2,500 beds are unoccupied, Kejriwal said. 2) Private hospitals across the national capital have been directed to keep 20% of their beds reserved for Covid-19 patients. This will lead to the availability of 2,000 more beds for Covid-19 patients, he said. 3) Delhis Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital will provide another 1,500 hospital beds for Covid-19 patients. In total, more than 5,000 beds will be available for fresh Covid-19 patients. Also read: Not many severe cases, low death rate - Kejriwal says Covid-19 situation is in control 4) The administration has placed an order for 2,000 hospital beds with oxygen. Severe Covid-19 patients require oxygens hence the availability of such beds is very critical, the chief minister said. 5) CM Kejriwal said that most new cases of coronavirus are either showing mild symptoms or are asymptomatic. Over 3,000 active cases are currently being treated at home. 6) Of over 13,000 Covid-19 cases in Delhi, over 6,000 have recovered from the disease while roughly 6,000 are currently being treated for Covid-19. 3,414 Covid-19 patients with mild symptoms are getting treated at home, Kejriwal said. 7) The administration is working on a system which will help a severe Covid-19 patient track the availability of hospital beds for treatment. We will share the details in the coming days, the chief minister said. 8) Ever since lockdown curbs were partially lifted last week, the national capital has reported around fresh 3,500 Covid-19 cases while nearly 1,500 patients have recovered. Fresh cases are being reported but patients are also recovering and going home, he said. Also read: With nearly 7,000 Covid-19 cases in 24 hrs, India records biggest surge for 4th day 9) As many as 1,750 Covid-19 patients were admitted in hospitals on May 17. The figure has risen to 2,000 at present. Only 250 new patients have occupied beds across various hospitals in one week, Kejriwal said. 10) Of 250 ventilators at government hospitals, only 11 are currently in use while 15 of 72 ventilators in private hospitals are being occupied by Covid-19 patients. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 13:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/most-new-infections-are-mild-or-asymptomatic-prepared-for-spike-in-severe-cases-delhi-cm-arvind-kejriwal/story-c0PCPTeFwmlcoWAtmtqjCM.html</url>
<title>I will be worried if: Kejriwals status check of Delhis Covid-19 cases</title>
<body >A week after partially lifting lockdown restrictions in the national capital, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Monday addressed the media and said that the coronavirus situation in the city is under control, although cases are rising. The chief minister said that the situation would have been worrying if the Covid-19 death toll was high in the national capital or most positive cases were severe in nature. Apprising the media of the state of healthcare infrastructure in the national capital amid the coronavirus crisis, Kejriwal said that the government hospitals at the moment have 3,829 beds for Covid-19 patients, 3,164 have oxygen available. Severe Covid-19 patients require oxygens hence the availability of such beds is very critical, the chief minister said. Also read: With nearly 7,000 Covid-19 cases in 24 hrs, India records biggest surge for 4th day Of around 4,000 hospital beds available with the government, around 1,500 are occupied while nearly 2,500 beds are unoccupied, Kejriwal said. Watch | Covid cases have increased, but theres nothing to worry: Arvind Kejriwal At private hospitals, 509 of total 677 beds are occupied by coronavirus patients at present. Kejriwal said that 117 private hospitals across the national capital have been directed to keep 20% of their beds reserved for Covid-19 patients. This will lead to the availability of 2,000 more beds for Covid-19 patients, he said. The chief minister said that most new cases of coronavirus are either showing mild symptoms or are asymptomatic. Over 3,000 active cases are currently being treated at home. Patients with mild symptoms or the asymptomatic ones are treated at home and are not admitted in hospitals. There are 3,414 such Covid-19 patients who are getting treated at home, Kejriwal said. Also read: 14-day quarantine to 7 days home isolation - Guidelines for air travellers The Delhi CM said that relaxations in lockdown were announced in Delhi on May 17 after which the administration expected a rise in Covid-19 cases. A week later, I can say that the situation is under control and there is nothing to panic, the chief minister said. He said in the past week, the national capital reported around fresh 3,500 Covid-19 cases while nearly 1,500 patients have recovered. Fresh cases are being reported but patients are also recovering and going home, he said. As many as 1,750 Covid-19 patients were admitted in hospitals on May 17. The figure has risen to 2,000 at present. Only 250 new patients have occupied beds across various hospitals in one week, he said. Kejriwal said that due to most cases being mild or asymptomatic, the load of Covid-19 patients in hospitals is not severe. However, we are prepared if there is a sudden spike in severe cases of coronavirus patients, he said. Of over 13,000 coronavirus patients in Delhi, Kejriwal said nearly half have recovered and half of them are still getting treated. Two hundred and sixty-one people have succumbed to death. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/no-break-for-nature-here-s-how-covid-19-crisis-is-harming-the-world-s-forests/story-idy23EfH6glKPoPecRsVnI.html</url>
<title>No break for nature? Heres how Covid-19 crisis is harming the worlds forests</title>
<body >With most of the planet locked down due to the Covid-19 crisis, experts believe this could be the time when nature finally takes a break amid low human activity and get into a healing mode. However, a latest report suggests that coronavirus lockdown may have a detrimental effect on the planets forest cover. A report published by the World Economic Forum (WEF), in collaboration with news agency Thomson Reuters, says that the Covid-19 lockdown has put the worlds forests at a risk. According to the report, poor people who have lost work or are temporarily out of work in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic cut down trees for fuel and other purposes. Many people depend on forests for livelihood, food and shelter. Millions  who have lost casual work in cities amid the coronavirus crisis are returning to their native places in rural areas, the report states. Also read: With nearly 7,000 Covid-19 cases in 24 hrs, India records biggest surge for 4th day Around the world, 1 billion people depend on wild foods and 2.4 billion use wood for cooking, while more than nine out of 10 people living in extreme poverty depend on forests for at least part of their livelihoods. Mette Wilkie, director of the forestry division at the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), said that trees are more likely to be felled for food and fuel as a third of the worlds population still depend on wood to cook. The Covid-19 lockdown could exacerbate this. UN FAOs State of the Worlds Forests 2020 report links the rise of infectious diseases, such as Covid-19, to forest loss. According to the report, the planet has lost an estimated 420 million hectares of forest since 1990 - more than three times the size of South Africa. No break for nature? There is a misperception that nature is getting a break during the Covid-19 pandemic, the WEF states in another report. Many rural areas in the tropics are facing increased pressure from land-grabbing, deforestation, illegal mining and wildlife poaching, the report reads. Outside urban areas, the picture in rural regions paints a different scenario with an increased pressure on nature and resources. The coronavirus pandemic has infected over 5.5 million people across the globe while more than 3.4 lakh people have succumbed to death due to Covid-19. More than 2 million patients have recovered from the dealy contagion globally. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/sikkim-reports-first-case-number-of-infections-cross-50-000-in-maharashtra-covid-19-state-tally/story-4QGIQ0kg4Jb5wleLniN8dN.html</url>
<title>A grim milestone for Maharashtra as cases cross 50,000; over 30,000 in Mumbai alone: Covid-19 state tally</title>
<body >In another single-day surge in Covid-19 cases, India reported fresh 6,977 coronavirus infections on Monday, taking the national tally to 138,845. Coronavirus fatalities in the country jumped to 4,021 while over 57,000 people have successfully recovered from the disease across India. Earlier this week, the North-Eastern state of Sikkim, which was untouched by Covid-19 until now, reported its coronavirus first case. Covid-19 infections in Maharashtra crossed 50,000 with more than 30,000 cases reported in Mumbai alone. Heres taking a look at Covid-19 state-wise tally Top worst-hit states Maharashtra Covid-19 cases here Maharashtra crossed the 50,000-mark on Monday with 50,231 patients. The state has recorded 1,635 deaths so far, highest in the country, while over 14,000 patients (14,600) have recovered from Covid-19. Tamil Nadu The southern state has the second-highest number of coronavirus cases in the country with 16,277 coronavirus cases so far. While 8,324 people have recovered from the disease here, 111 patients have died. Gujarat PM Narendra Modis home state has witnessed 14,056 get infected from Covid-19 till date. Gujarat has seen 6,412 people recover from coronavirus while 858 people have died. Also read: Centre identifies 4 cities as role models for handling Covid-19 pandemic Delhi The Covid-19 tally in the national capital has jumped to 13,418. Two hundred and sixty-one people have died from the infection here while 6,540 have made a recovery. Rajasthan Coronavirus cases in Rajasthan touched 7,028 on Monday. The state has reported 163 fatalities while 3,848 patients have recovered from the infection in the state. Madhya Pradesh As many as 6,665 people have been infected from Covid-19 in Madhya Pradesh till date. Two hundred and ninety people have died from Covid-19 in the state while 3,408 have recovered. Also read: With nearly 7,000 Covid-19 cases in 24 hours, India records biggest surge for 4th day Uttar Pradesh The number of Covid-19 positive cases have jumped to 6,268 in Uttar Pradesh. While 3,538 people have recovered from coronavirus in Uttar Pradesh, 161 have died from the infection here. Situation in other states In West Bengal, coronavirus cases have crossed the 3,000-mark and are rapidly rising. The number of infected cases in West Bengal reached 3,667 on Monday. There have been 272 deaths and 1,339 recoveries in the state. States with under 3,000 coronavirus cases include Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Odisha, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Haryana and Bihar. With 847 Covid-19 cases, Kerala has under 1,000 cases of coronavirus infections. Jharkhand, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Tripura have reported under 500 Covid-19 cases while Goa, Puducherry, Meghalaya and Manipur have less than 100 Covid-19 cases. Union territory of Dadar Nagar Havel has reported two cases of Covid-19 while Sikkim has just one Covid-19 patient. All coronavirus patients in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram have recovered. Note: Figures are from official data released by the Ministry of Health, and may differ from realtime numbers released by various state governments subject to confirmation from the Centre. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/chhattisgarh-witnessed-biggest-single-day-spike-in-covid-19-cases-on-saturday/story-VBmwq2GdA8Bt71n2jXYneJ.html</url>
<title>Chhattisgarh witnessed biggest single-day spike in Covid-19 cases on Saturday</title>
<body >Chhattisgarh witnessed the biggest single-day spike in the number of Covid-19 cases on Saturday as per the medical bulletin released by the health department. Total 44 people were found coronavirus positive in Chhattisgarh on Saturday, including a woman junior doctor posted in a government hospital in Bilaspur. On Friday, the state had reported 40 fresh coronavirus patients, most of them were migrant labourers. The total Covid-19 tally in Chhattisgarh has jumped to 216 in the state, of which 152 are active cases. Total 64 patients have been discharged after recovery. Also read: States can develop their quarantine protocol - Govt on domestic travel Most of the cases, which were detected in the last two days, were migrants labourers because they are returning back from all parts of the country. More than 4 lakh labourers are about to return to Chhattisgarh in the next one month, hence cases will definitely increase. We are all prepared for it, health minister TS Singh Deo told Hindustan Times. On Saturday, ten cases were reported from Rajnandgaon district, nine each from Mungeli and Bilaspur districts, four each from Raigarh and Koriya districts and three each from Surguja and Gaurela-Pendra-Marwahi (GPM) districts, the state medical bulletin released on Saturday night claimed. The rest of the cases were found in Balodabazar and Jashpur districts. A junior doctor at Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences (CIMS) Bilaspur was also found Covid-19 positive on Saturday, officials said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 16:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/states-can-develop-their-own-covid-19-quarantine-isolation-protocols-says-health-ministry-in-guidelines-on-domestic-travel/story-BBxvSfy6unK74T0PPTI7lO.html</url>
<title>States can develop their own Covid-19 quarantine, isolation protocol: Govts on domestic travel</title>
<body >The government on Sunday, in its release on domestic travel, said that state governments will be able to develop their own quarantine and isolation protocols as per their assessment. This came amid concerns raised by various states as the government lifted curbs on air travel and is set to run 200 passenger trains from June 1 amid Covid-19 lockdown. States like Punjab, Chhattisgarh, Kerala, Karnataka, among others, maintained that passengers arriving via domestic flights will need to be quarantined. It is comprehensive list of guidelines for passengers, undertaking domestic travel via flights, trains or through inter-state bus services amid Covid-19 lockdown, the Ministry of Health stated that all domestic travellers are required to follow social distancing at all times and wear protective masks. Aarogya Setu mobile app should be installed by all passengers. Asymptomatic passengers will be allowed to go home, observe their health for 14 days and report in case symptoms arise. Passengers displaying mild symptoms will be given the option of home isolation or to isolate at Covid-19 Care Centres at various public and private facilities. The guidelines come in the wake of resumption of domestic air services from Monday and with 100 pair of trains resuming service on June 1. Also read: Oxfords Covid-19 vaccine trial has 50% chance of success, says project leader Heres taking a quick look at the guidelines: 1) Dos and Donts shall be provided along with tickets to the travellers by the agencies concerned. 2) All passengers shall be advised to download the Aarogya Setu app on their mobile devices. 3) Suitable announcement about Covid-19 including precautionary measures to be followed shall be made at airports/railway station/bus terminals and in flights/trains/bus. 4) The States/UTs shall ensure that all passengers undergo thermal screening at the point of departure and only asymptomatic passengers are allowed to board the flight/train/bus. 5) During boarding and travel, all passengers shall use face covers/mask. They will also follow hand hygiene, respiratory hygiene and maintain environmental hygiene. With domestic civil aviation starting on 25th May, here are the latest guidelines on domestic travel issued by @MoHFW_INDIA. Travellers are requested to strictly follow these self-regulatory norms  help in India's fight against #COVID19 #WeShallOvercome#IndiaFightsCorona pic.twitter.com/3xwkazvvUc MoCA_GoI (@MoCA_GoI) May 24, 2020 With domestic civil aviation starting on 25th May, here are the latest guidelines on domestic travel issued by @MoHFW_INDIA. Travellers are requested to strictly follow these self-regulatory norms  help in India's fight against #COVID19 #WeShallOvercome#IndiaFightsCorona pic.twitter.com/3xwkazvvUc 6) At airports/railway stations/ bus terminals required measures to ensure social distancing shall be taken. 7) Airports/railway stations/bus terminals should be regularly sanitized/disinfected and availability of soaps and sanitizers shall be ensured. 8) Thermal screening at exit point shall be arranged. 9) Asymptomatic passengers will be permitted to go with the advice that they shall self-monitor their health for 14 days. In case, they develop any symptoms, they shall inform the district surveillance officer or the state/national call centre (1075). 10) Those found symptomatic will be isolated and taken to the nearest health facility. They will be assessed for clinical severity at the health facility. 11) Those having moderate or severe symptoms will be admitted to dedicated Covid-19 health facilities and managed accordingly. 12) Those having mild symptoms will be given the option of home isolation or to isolate in the Covid Care Centre (both public  private facilities) as appropriate and tested as per ICMR protocol. If positive, they will continue at Covid Care Centre and will be managed as per clinical protocol. If negative, the passenger may be allowed to go home, isolate himself/herself and self monitor his/her health for further 7 days. In case, any symptoms develop they shall inform the district surveillance officer or the state/national call center (1075). </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 18:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/fight-against-covid-19-to-be-tougher-now-prepared-with-extra-health-facilities-maharashtra-chief-minister-uddhav-thackeray/story-Vx6kjBYdrpcjLsSwI8zJcN.html</url>
<title>Fight against Covid-19 to be tougher now, prepared with extra health facilities: Maharashtra CM</title>
<body >Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday held an online briefing on the prevailing coronavirus situation in the state and said that the fight against Covid-19 is going to be a tougher one but the administration is prepared with extra medical facilities. Thackeray said that it was wrong to impose lockdown suddenly. On the lockdown deadline of May 31, he said that we cant end it all at once Thackeray thanked the people of Maharashtra for showing their discipline and following the lockdown. He said that the Covid-19 cases in Maharashtra were projected to be around 1.15 lakh by May end but currently, we have 33,786 Covid-19 cases, around 13,404 have recovered, he said. This is due to the lockdown and discipline maintained by you all, the chief minister said. Also read: 67% of Indias Covid-19 cases come from 4 states The fight against COVID19 is going to be tougher now but there is no need to panic as we are prepared with extra health facilities: Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray as positive cases cross 47,000 in the stateThe number of active patients is 33,786 and over 13,000 have recovered. pic.twitter.com/siCrEZcPjn ANI (@ANI) May 24, 2020 The fight against COVID19 is going to be tougher now but there is no need to panic as we are prepared with extra health facilities: Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray as positive cases cross 47,000 in the stateThe number of active patients is 33,786 and over 13,000 have recovered. pic.twitter.com/siCrEZcPjn Thackeray cautioned against the rise in Covid-19 in the state and said that the administration is preparing and creating hospital infrastructure for an increase in load of Covid-19 cases. By the end of May, we will make 14,000 beds available, currently we have already created around 7,000 beds including 3,000 in our field hospitals, he said. The chief minister also cautioned against the approaching monsoon season which is likely to trigger a host of related ailments and seasonal infections. Maharashtra continues to bear the brunt of increasing coronavirus infections. Till Sunday morning, as per the Ministry of Health, the state reported 47,190 Covid-19 cases - highest in the country. Covid-19 fatalities in Maharashtra have risen to 1,577 while more than 13,000 coronavirus patients have beaten the infection and have been discharged from hospitals across the state. Mumbai, Thane, Pune are the worst-hit districts in Maharashtra. Covid-19 cases have crossed the 28,000-mark in Mumbai while 949 patients succumbed to death due to coronavirus in the countrys financial capital. Thane has reported over 6,000 cases of infections and 85 fatalities. In Pune, Covid-19 cases have jumped to 5,347 while 257 have died. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 15:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/no-class-no-fee-parents-protest-outside-mohali-school-no-response-from-authorities/story-EoDSKN3pzGJOVs87zc9xzO.html</url>
<title>No classno fee: Parents protest outside Mohali school, no response from authorities</title>
<body >Raising slogans of no classno fee, parents protested outside St Xaviers High School in Sector 71, Mohali. Parents had gathered outside the school to get a response to the memorandum submitted by them on May 22, asking the school to revoke the hike in tuition fee, and waiver of development fee for this financial year, to which the school has yet to reply. Even though parents kept protesting, holding aloft posters and banners, for about 45 minutes to meet the principal, but no school authority met them. They even locked the school gate from inside to prevent parents from entering the school building. We had urged the school to begin online classes, but the management was not keen on it. The school has been issuing only a worksheet on a weekly basis which they upload to the website, without any intimation whatsoever to parents or students. They have not lent any support to resolve issues, said a parent, Praveen Singh Dadwal. Another parent Raman Arora said, We are ready to pay the fee provided the school starts online classes. But demanding a hike in tuition fee is not justified during this Covid crisis. No authority from the school was ready to talk to parents or the media. Sanjay Chauhan, a school employee, who was present on the occasion, said the case regarding paying of fees is pending in Punjab and Haryana high court and the school will follow directives of the court. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/congress-leaders-protest-withdraw-false-cases-release-upcc-chief/story-0oz2fMgIXAgP2uYvdgbzPK.html</url>
<title>Congress leaders protest: Withdraw false cases, release UPCC chief</title>
<body >Congress leaders sported black arm bands and observed fast on Wednesday to protest the arrest of UP Congress Committee (UPCC) president, Ajay Kumar Lallu. The Congress offered 1,000 buses to the state government to bring back migrant labourers, instead of using the buses, the UPCC president was arrested on false charges, said Brajesh Kumar Singh, spokesman, UPCC, in a press statement. Congress leaders also demanded that fake cases registered against the UPCC chief and other partymen be withdrawn immediately, he said. Through social media, Congress leaders of the state raised their voice against the arrests of UPCC president and other partymen, said Singh. The UPCC spokesman said a memorandum addressed to governor Anandiben Patel sought immediate release of Lallu and other party leaders. Singh said party leaders pointed out that Covid-19 had an adverse impact on people and farmers/migrant labourers and workers of small industrial units were the worst hit. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/raid-at-spurious-mustard-oil-manufacturing-unit-in-ludhiana/story-ZtlgSwRYUMVpBidSPQxv1L.html</url>
<title>Raid at spurious mustard oil manufacturing unit in Ludhiana</title>
<body >A team of health department conducted raids at grocery, bakery and sweets shops in Salemtabri, Jalandhar Bypass and Tajpur Road on Wednesday and seized around 260 litres of spurious mustard oil. The team was lead by district health officer Dr Rajesh Garg and food safety officer Yogesh Goyal. Giving information in this regard, Ludhiana civil surgeon Dr Rajesh Kumar Bagga said, In Tajpur area, mustard oil was being filled in the bottles, which was sold under fake brand names of various companies. Sources said that instead of mustard oil, palm oil was being filled in bottles. He said, We would continue the campaign against adulterers in future too, so that the health of the people is not compromised. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/flight-operations-across-india-resumed-passenger-says-journey-was-fantasticvideo/video-bs25e0PMDteTTjiyvJbqKN.html</url>
<title>Flight operations across India resumed, passenger says journey was fantastic</title>
<body >Domestic flight operations across India resumed amid Covid-19 lockdown. Flight services were suspended for about two months. Passengers were screened using thermometer gun, their bags were also being sanitised. Domestic flight services resumed across India except in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/rajasthan-madhya-pradesh-employ-drones-to-kill-locusts/story-ivBzYEyqLRQQcHrogWvwiL.html</url>
<title>Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh employ drones to kill locusts</title>
<body >Swarms of desert locusts have affected around 50 districts in the country and drones are now being used in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh to spray chemicals for killing the pest. According to global forecast by the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO), in addition to the current outbreak, locust swarms from new areas can also enter the Indian border from June 22. KL Gurjar, deputy collector, Locust Warning Office, said some adult groups and swarms were expected to arrive in the country from the spring breeding areas. Vigilance will have to be maintained towards the expected invasion of locusts in coming days, he said. On Wednesday, the swarms from Dausa in Rajasthan, where 22 districts are affected, reached Agra in Uttar Pradesh. In fact, UP is getting locust swarms from two directions: in east from Rajasthan and in south from Madhya Pradesh. According to officials in UP and Madhya Pradesh, at least 10 districts in each of these states have seen locust attacks in the past week or so. In Madhya Pradesh, swarms of desert locusts have entered mainly from two areas - Neemuch in the Malwa region and Sheopur in the Gwalior-Chambal region - both close to the Rajasthan border, more than two weeks back. The 10 districts where locusts are active: Gwalior in northern MP, Agar Malwa and Dewas in the Malwa region, Rajgarh, Betul and Hoshangabad in the central region, Sidhi and Satna in the Vindhya region and Damoh in the Bundelkhand region, said Ajeet Kesari, MPs principal secretary, department of agriculture. Rajasthan has been under the grip of locust attacks since mid-April, when they came from Baluchistan in Pakistan. Two swarms were present in Jaipur on Tuesday night  one in Samode and the second in Langariyawas gram panchayat. There was a massive control operation against the two swarms and we managed to kill almost 70% at both locations, said BR Kadwa, deputy director of the agriculture department in Jaipur. The state government used drones to kill locusts in Samode, about 40km north-west of Jaipur. Agriculture commissioner Om Prakash said they plan to hire 30 drones to kill locusts, which has spread to 22 districts of the state. The drones are used to spray chemicals on breeding sites of the locusts. Gurjar said the agriculture drones are being used to kill the pests and the Centre will provide additional drones to the states to control the spread of the locust in the coming days. We are increasing the air potential and also our ground teams, he said. This years outbreak started on April 11 when locust swarms entered Rajasthan from Hindumalkot in Sriganganagar and Babla in Jaisalmer. The immature locusts spread to Jaisalmer, Barmer, Ganganagar and parts of Jodhpur until May 1. After that, the swarms began to wander farther, coming as far as Jaipur, which is about 700km from the international border, said Dr Suwa Lal Jat, joint director (plant protection) of agriculture department, adding that 120 teams for survey and monitoring of movement of locusts have been constituted. In Maharashtra, the impact of locust could be seen in three districts --- Wardha, Amravati and Nagpur districts, which are very close to Madhya Pradesh. The invasion started on Monday morning. The most impacted are orange orchards. A 25% loss is being estimated as of now, said Ravindra Bhosale, divisional joint director agriculture, Nagpur division. The swarm is now moving deeper into rural areas of the Nagpur division. At Kalmeshwar taluka on Tuesday, we were informed of damage to vegetable crops across 5-6 hectares, including cabbage, ladyfinger, cauliflower, and kidney beans. In Haryana, four districts, Sirsa, Bhiwani, Charkhi Dadri and Rewari have been put on alert after swarms reached the bordering areas in Rajasthans Sikar district. We have put several districts on alert. We have also instructed all the farmers that if they encounter any swarms then they should inform the government so that we can kill them, Haryana Agriculture Minister Jayaprakash Dalal said. Gurjar said, Intensity of swarms of locusts is decreasing by the day as we are able to control them from 30% to 60% every time wherever they settle in the evening, by spraying chemicals over them. We are using tractors, spray pumps and also fire brigade tenders to spray chemicals over the swarms. As per the report that we received from all the affected districts in the evening we were able to control the groups with chemicals varying in degree in different districts from 25% to 45%, he said. Unlike other insects, the increase in temperature does not kill locust. There is hardly any impact of high temperature in summers on the desert locusts. They just move ahead looking for food, said Gurjar. (With input from Anupam Pateriya in Sagar and agencies) </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/amid-border-row-india-hopes-for-better-ties-as-nepal-defers-map-update/story-KlI8Z1dIOsip3TGlUf6WCP.html</url>
<title>Amid border row, India hopes for better ties as Nepal defers map update</title>
<body >The Indian government believes the debate in Nepal over a constitutional amendment to give legal backing to a new map, which depicts Kalapani and Lipulekh as part of Nepalese territory, reflects the importance attached to improving bilateral ties, people familiar with developments said on Wednesday. The government of Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli had to defer its plan to move the constitutional amendment in Parliament to update the map after the main opposition Nepali Congress party sought time for more discussions on the issue. There were also reports from Kathmandu that the move could be linked to efforts for back channel contacts between the two sides to address a row that erupted after India recently inaugurated an 80-km road to Lipulekh on the Chinese border. Nepal, which claims Lipulekh, protested the opening of the road but the external affairs ministry contended it was completely within the territory of India. The people cited above, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Indian side is monitoring the situation and following developments, and had noted the larger ongoing debate on the border issue within Nepal. The debate underlines the seriousness of this issue. It also demonstrates the value being attached to relations between Nepal and India, said one of the people cited above. Border issues are sensitive by nature and require trust and confidence to be resolved to mutual satisfaction, the person added. People familiar with developments in Kathmandu said the countrys budget for fiscal 2020-21 is scheduled to be presented in Parliament on May 28, which would mean that the constitutional amendment to alter the countrys political map is unlikely to be taken up anytime soon. The focus will move to the budget and this could create some space for negotiations on the border issue, said a person who declined to be identified. However, the Nepal government is apparently miffed that the countrys ambassador to India, Nilamber Acharya, has not yet been granted a meeting with senior officials in the external affairs ministry to discuss the border issue. The Oli government had planned to table the constitutional amendment in Parliament on Tuesday to give legal backing to the new political map released on May 18 that shows Kalapani, Lipulekh and Limpiyadhura as part of the countrys territory. All three regions are the subject of disputes with India. The constitutional amendment will have to be passed with a two-thirds majority by the House of Representatives and the National Assembly. When Oli called a meeting of all political parties on Tuesday to seek backing for the amendment, two parties from the Madhes region demanded that their calls for constitutional amendments should be incorporated, while the main opposition Nepali Congress said it needed to discuss the proposal further, The Kathmandu Post reported. We support the territorial integrity of the country and we also support the governments release of the map, Nepali Congress leader Krishna Prasad Situala said. But a decision on the amendment to update the map will be made at the forthcoming Central Working Committee meeting. So we requested that the amendment be put on hold for the time being. The ruling Nepal Communist Party has a two-thirds majority in the National Assembly, but needs support from other parties to pass the constitutional amendment in the House of Representatives. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/sc-seeks-govt-response-on-plea-for-cbi-probe-into-tablighi-jamaat-meet/story-rO3JpKcJl6rVmFIxQQRXOP.html</url>
<title>SC seeks govt response on plea for CBI probe into Tablighi Jamaat meet</title>
<body >The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought the response of the Centre and the Delhi government on a plea seeking a CBI probe into the alleged lapses by the Delhi government and Delhi police which led to the congregation of devotees at Tablighi Jamaat Markaz in Nizamuddin and migrant workers at Anand Vihar Bus Terminal in Delhi. The petitioner, Supriya Pandita alleged that the Delhi police failed to arrest Nizamuddin Markaz chief Maulana Saad who organized the religious event resulting in a surge in the spread of coronavirus across the country. Ignoring all social distancing norms to avoid the deadly coronavirus, hundreds had been staying in the 100-year-old mosque since March 8. More than 2,000 delegates from Malaysia, Indonesia, Saudi Arabia and Kyrgyzstan attended the congregation of Tablighi Jamaat, Pandita pointed out. The Nizamuddin area in Delhi was sealed on March 30, after it came to light that several people, who had attended a religious event held in March at Nizamuddin by a Muslim organisation called Tablighi Jamaat, were found to be infected with coronavirus. At least 16,500 people had visited Tablighi Jamaats headquarters in Nizamuddin between March 13 and 24. Several people who attended the gathering tested Covid-19 positive in various parts of India causing cluster transmission of the virus across the country, Pandita submitted. At the request of Mr Tushar Mehta, learned Solicitor General appearing for Union of India, list the matter next week to enable him to file a reply affidavit, the top court said in its order. The petition also sought a probe into the gathering of migrant labourers at Anand Vihar Bus Terminal in New Delhi on March 28. Migrant workers hailing from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar had gathered at the bus terminal situated in the eastern border of Delhi in a bid to board buses to their home states. Pandita told the court that the Delhi police and the Delhi government had failed to control people from coming out of their houses despite the Prime Minister having proclaimed a complete lockdown on March 24. They (Delhi government and Delhi Transport Corporation) arranged buses to drop the migrant workers at Anand Vihar Bus Terminal despite knowing that buses were not allowed on roads and movement of people was restricted, the petition stated. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/entire-kamothe-node-not-a-containment-zone/story-LQqA8LGjSj5TJ5RamzzjLJ.html</url>
<title>Entire Kamothe node not a containment zone</title>
<body >Panvel City Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has taken off Kamothe from the list of 139 containment zones.  Till Wednesday, Kamothe had reported 163 Covid cases. Municipal commissioner Sudhakar Deshmukh said, We surveyed the PCMC area and demarcated new containment zones. Only those buildings, societies or areas which have case will be sealed. Only if a sector has many cases, then it will be a containment zone. Kamothe has got 50 smaller containment zones. Economic activity with curbs will start in areas which are not containment zones, said Deshmukh. For the past few days, there has been a decrease in cases and Tuesday saw only two positive cases from Kamothe. Kamothe has reported 163 positive cases and eight deaths. Jamir Lengarekar, additional municipal commissioner, said, Now, that the entire node is not a containment zone, shops can open some in node. If the shop is in the containment zone or building, then it will remain shut. PCMC has given permission for standalone shops to open on specific days from 7am to 5pm. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/leopard-enters-residential-area-creates-panic-in-gujarats-dahodvideo/video-thUMVN0TRst4LahTuND0FK.html</url>
<title>Watch: Leopard enters residential area, creates panic in Gujarats Dahod</title>
<body >A leopard had entered a residential area in Gujarats Dahod. 5 members of the rescue team received minor injuries. A mob including cops tried to nab the animal. The animal was rescued later by forest officials. Watch the full video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/russia-announces-postponement-of-brics-and-sco-summits-in-wake-of-covid-19/story-MXxNTgwQgjkQT7HGu8ojEI.html</url>
<title>Russia announces postponement of Brics and SCO Summits in wake of Covid-19</title>
<body >Russia announced on Wednesday that summit meetings of the Brazil-Russia-India-China-South Africa (Brics) grouping and the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), which it was to host in July, has been postponed because of the Covid-19 pandemic. The two summits were to be held in St Petersburg during July 21-23. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was expected to attend both meetings. In view of the coronavirus pandemic and the related restrictions, the Organising Committee to Prepare and Support Russias SCO Presidency in 2019-2020 and BRICS Chairmanship in 2020 decided to postpone the BRICS leaders meeting and the meetings of the SCO Heads of State Council, initially scheduled to take place on July 21-23, 2020, in St Petersburg, said an official statement from the Kremlin. The new dates for these summits will be determined on the basis of the epidemiological situation in the states participating in these associations, and around the world, the statement added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/sc-reserves-order-on-funding-for-amrapali-s-stalled-housing-projects/story-vamEU4LUVIP8f5tj9EwDFN.html</url>
<title>SC reserves order on funding for Amrapalis stalled housing projects</title>
<body >The Supreme Court on Wednesday reserved orders on the crucial aspect of mobilizing funds for completing the stalled housing projects of stressed real estate giant Amrapali Group. The Receiver in a note to the court pointed out that work on these projects had hit a wall for lack of funds. He suggested a slew of steps to be taken by the Centre, the Noida and Greater Noida Authorities and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to resume work with immediate effect. The Ministry of Finance, represented by Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Vikramjeet Banerjee told the Court that the Government had empowered SBI Capital Markets (SBI CAPS) for any seed capital funding of the Amrapali projects. The National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) is executing these projects since July 2019 after SC ordered cancellation of Amrapalis registration under the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, in short RERA, for alleged siphoning of homebuyers money. A bench of Justices Arun Mishra and UU Lalit told senior advocate Harish Salve that his client SBI Caps should bear in mind that no private player is involved in the project construction which involves the Receiver handling the projects and NBCC executing the works. Salve sought a weeks time to discuss the matter with his client and apprise the Court on the possibility of fund release. The Court had proposed a release of Rs 500 crore during the hearing in the case last week. Senior advocate R Venkatramani, the Receiver appointed by the Court was confident that his suggestions on home loan disbursement by banks, funds from SBI Caps, utilization of unused floor area ratio (FAR) and waiver of GST by Noida and Greater Noida authorities will be favourably considered by the bench. The Court is pushing all authorities and governments into quick motion as regards the funding and execution of projects. It is also looking into more than one direction for source of funding by relaxing the current criteria with regard to loans and taxes for the projects, Venkatramani told HT. One of the suggestions by the Receiver requires the RBI to relax rules to enable banks to release the balance loan amount of homebuyers, including those falling under the NPA category. The Centre informed the Court that a decision in this regard cannot be taken by RBI as it is best left to be considered by the individual lending banks. The Receivers note also suggested GST waiver on construction that could help save close to Rs 1,000 crore and sale of unused FAR in the projects, instead of returning it to the land owning authorities. The UP land authorities opposed these suggestions. They put the onus on homebuyers to clear all pending dues of the land owning authorities. The bench responded tersely, You must be more accommodating with regard to charging of interest. Some relaxation you must give or else all projects will fall through. The homebuyers disputed the claim for dues by Noida/Greater Noida authorities. Their lawyer ML Lahoty cited the Courts judgment to show that buyers have paid up dues and are entitled to compensation on account of delayed construction. The Court asked homebuyers to be pragmatic and not be under any impression to enjoy the property without paying up any dues. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/rss-hands-out-giloy-saplings-in-uttarakhand-to-boost-immunity-against-covid-19/story-P0FxoSCmySliRfYaAKkEqI.html</url>
<title>RSS hands out Giloy saplings in Uttarakhand to boost immunity against Covid-19</title>
<body >The Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) has started distributing saplings of Glioy (Tinospora Cordifolia), a medicinal plant, to households in Dehradun to boost immunity of the people against infections like Covid-19. Uma Dutt, RSS vibhag sewa pramkukh Dehradun said they decided to distribute Giloy saplings to households in Dehradun after many Ayurvedic practitioners and medical experts suggested that medicinal herbs like Glioy enhance immunity and could be help in protecting against infections like Covid-19. Dehradun had the maximum Covid-19 cases in Uttarakhand, before Nainital took over as the district with the maximum cases in the state a few days back. Even yoga guru Ramdev has suggested that consuming kaada (decoction) of Giloy and Tulasi with black pepper, turmeric and ginger would boost the immunity of people against viral infections, he said. The RSS campaign to distribute the saplings began less than a week ago. Krishnanand Bhatt, RSS Nagar Sanchalak Kedarnagar Dehradun said they have plans to distribute over 5,000 saplings of Giloy to people in Dehradun. We have already distributed over 2,100 saplings of Giloy saplings to households in our area. Our RSS workers are going from door to door and distributing these saplings. Even the union Ayush ministry has suggested the use of Ayurvedic herbs for boosting immunity. In the coming days, we will distribute more, he said. The union ministry of AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy) has suggested use of some herbs for boosting immunity and also invited suggestions on its website from AYUSH practitioners and institutions for restraining the spread of the Covis-19 pandemic or manage the disease. However, it has also put a disclaimer on its website that its advisory does not claim to be treatment for Covid-19. Prof Neeraj Misra from Lucknow University, who has expertise in biophysics said they studied the efficacy of substances found in some medicinal plants including Giloy on the inhibition of Covid-19 in April, while collaborating with the experts from Gorakhpur University in Uttar Pradesh. He said their paper titled On the Inhibition of Covid-19 Protease by Indian Herbal Plants: An In Silico Investigation is currently being peer-reviewed. In silico means research conducted by means of computer modelling or computer simulation. We extracted 18 compounds from 11 medicinal plants including Giloy and evaluated their inhibition properties against Covid-19 receptor protease. The virus binds with the receptor protein on the human cell to enter it and cause infection. If we can bind this receptor protein with any chemical substance, then the viruss ability to enter the cell is inhibited. We studied the binding of Covid-19 protease (6LU7) receptor with the extracts of Indian herbal plants like Giloy by molecular docking. And our analyses suggested that the Covid-19 protease can be inhibited to varying degrees by the extracts of Indian herbal plants, including Giloy, Prof Misra said. Prof Ambrish Srivastava, a biophysicist from Gorakhpur University said, Our calculations on the binding affinity of the extracted compounds suggested that Harsingar (night jasmine or parijat) had the maximum inhibition potential followed by aloe vera, Giloy, turmeric and so on, he said, adding, it is promising predictive study and needs to be corroborated with clinical studies, he said. Uttarakhand has so far reported 438 cases of Covid-19 with infection rate of 2.28% and doubling rate (in last seven days) of 3.99 days. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/this-is-the-1st-time-wb-guv-on-state-cooperating-with-centre-over-amphanvideo/video-tbdW3fDJPXYhEZvmpBhyeP.html</url>
<title>This is the 1st time: WB Guv on State cooperating with Centre over Amphan</title>
<body >West Bengal Guv Jagdeep Dhankar spoke on how state and Centre are working over Cyclone Amphan. He said the state govt removed confrontation cloak and wore cooperative cloak. Dhankar said that it is important for people that PM and CM remain on the same page. PM Modi announced relief of Rs 1,000 crore for West Bengal after Amphan. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/cops-disperse-villagers-protesting-in-west-bengal-over-water-electricity-supplyvideo/video-dBG7TuNqpoY53q1m0ZOuvL.html</url>
<title>Cops disperse villagers protesting in West Bengal over water, electricity supply</title>
<body >Police baton-charged villagers for blocking roads in West Bengals North 24 Parganas. Villagers demanded restoration of water, electricity supply in Dum Dum. Villagers were protesting in the aftermath of Cyclone Amphan. Police detained some locals from the area. Initially, locals reportedly went violent and started beating cops. Police later dispersed the crowd. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/janhvi-kapoor-on-equation-with-sister-khushi-i-am-the-imbecile-immature-younger-sister-she-s-the-protective-sensible-one/story-9hgjROAA7LPcgFLDS0xAKM.html</url>
<title>Janhvi Kapoor on equation with sister Khushi: I am the imbecile, immature younger sister, shes the protective, sensible one</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Janhvi Kapoor believes that her and younger sister Khushis roles are reversed in their relationship. While she labelled herself the imbecile and immature younger sister, wshe called Khushi the sensible one. I am like the imbecile, immature, childish younger sister and she is the protective, sensible, independent elder sister. Khushi started this TikTok thing. She is only doing that. Suddenly at 3am, she is doing her makeup and making these TikTok videos. I think we are very close to losing it but we are hanging by the thread, Janhvi told Filmfare in an interview. Asked if her films -- Gunjan Saxena and Roohi Afza -- are likely to release on OTT instead of waiting for theatres to reopen, Janhvi said, I am glad both these films are complete. I dont know how things would have panned out had the shootings not been completed. Gunjan Saxena and Roohi Afza are ready, while Dostana we have shot around 40%. We have about 20 days of VFX work pending in Gunjan Saxena film. Also read: Shah Rukh Khans unseen photo from his teenage years wins the internet, dont miss his moustache Janhvi had shared a video recently on Instagram that displayed her childish traits. In the video, Khushi can be seen sitting on a couch, with a hoodie on. Khushi, on a scale of one to 10, how positive are you feeling? Janhvi asks. Stop talking to me, Khushi replies. Are you feeling positive, are you spreading positivity? Janhvi continues to pester her to which Khushi says, Go away. The actor had also shared a video of Khushi rejecting her cooking earlier. Subtle rejection of my banana with toffee sauce, she had captioned the video. Khushi looked quite perplexed tasting the preparation and muttered, Can I ask you to give a plain banana. Janhvi will be seen next in Sharan Sharmas Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl, a film on the Indian army officer. The film also features Pankaj Tripathi and Angad Bedi. It was set to hit theatres on April 24 but has been pushed due to the nationwide lockdown, which has been extended till May 31. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/tendukar-closed-his-eyes-while-facing-akhtar-s-bouncers-mohammad-asif-recalls-karachi-test-in-2006/story-Yxh0fbveYZfrUU3Oc0zmoL.html</url>
<title>Tendulkar closed his eyes while facing Akhtars bouncers: Mohammad Asif recalls Karachi Test in 2006</title>
<body >Sachin Tendulkar is regarded as one of the best batsmen to have ever played the game of cricket. He didnt have any glaring weakness against pace, swing, was equally aggressive, if not more against the spinners. Sachin played against some of the best fast bowlers of his time like Glenn McGrath, Shaun Pollock, Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis, Brett Lee, Shoaib Akhtar and came out on top more often than not. But Pakistan fast bowler Mohammad Asif revealed there was a time when Sachin struggled against the raw pace of Shoaib Akhtar. Asif, who had been banned for seven years for his involvement in spot-fixing in a Test match in England in 2010, claimed Sachin Tendulkar had closed his eyes while tacking a couple of bouncers from Shoaib during the third Test in Karachi in 2006. Asif was pointing to the third Test of the three-match series in Karachi where Irfan Pathan became the second Indian to claim a Test hat-trick. Also Read |Dhoni said Id bowl to Sachin in middle overs: How MSDturned IPL final When the match started, Irfan Pathan claimed a hat-trick in the first over itself. Our morale was down. Kamran Akmal scored a century lower down the order. We scored around 240 runs. When we started bowling, Shoaib Akhtar bowled at express pace in that match. I was standing at square leg near the umpire and I myself saw that Tendulkar closed his eyes while facing one or two bouncers bowled by Shoaib. The Indians were playing on the back foot and we didnt allow them to score even 240 in the first innings. We snatched victory from jaws of defeat, Asif said in the Burgerz show. Pakistan were bowled out for 245 in the first innings. It was the century from Kamran Akmal (113) which helped them post a respectable first-innings total. However, they came out with a splendid bowling performance as they bundled India to 238. Also Read | He can be as good as Bradman: Lee picks between Kohli and Smith In the 2nd innings, the hosts posted a mammoth 599/7, riding on the superb century from Faisal Iqbal (139) and went on to win the match by 341 runs as they bundled out India for 265 in the final innings. Asif had picked up 7 wickets  4 in the first innings and 3 in the second - in the match. The right-arm pacer who is still hailed one of the best swing bowlers to have ever played for Pakistan also narrated how he was a bit intimated by the Indian batting line-up because of the presence of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Virender Sehwag. Asif also said their record from the previous tour in 2004 was also something playing on the back of his mind. If you remember the Indian team that came to Pakistan in 2004, they had a solid batting line-up. Dravid was scoring plenty of runs, Sehwag smashed us at Multan, said Asif, who was not a part of that series. Two years later, in 2006, Asif was one of the leaders of Pakistans pace attack along with Shoaib Akhtar. During the Faisalabad Test, both teams scored 600 runs each. We were a bit worried as their batting line-up was deep, MS Dhoni was batting at number seven or eight, Asif recalled. Pakistan had won the three-match Test series 1-0 as the first two Tests had ended up in draws. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/19-year-old-boy-attacked-with-knife-for-failing-to-return-money/story-TiVKiOledqr9CVB5pLKYEP.html</url>
<title>19-year-old boy attacked with knife for failing to return money</title>
<body >A 19-year-old boy, who supplies chicken in Kalyan, was allegedly attacked by a man with a knife on Tuesday. Bhushan Bhoir, who has chicken business, went to Ambivli to supply chicken. He met Avinash Patil, 35, who was also into the same business till he started supplying electrical equipment. According to the police, Bhoir had borrowed 10,000 from Patil around nine months ago. Patil has not been earning anything in the past two months of the lockdown. He asked Bhoir to return his money. When Bhoir said he did not have money to return him, Patil got angry and attacked him with a knife. An officer from Khadakpada police station said Patil was arrested immediately. Some of our police personnel were patrolling the area and immediately arrested the accused and took Bhoir to hospital. Bhoir suffered minor injuries. We have registered a case under Section 307 (attempt to murder) of Indian Penal Code against the accused. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/sometimes-it-s-good-to-have-a-quiet-birthday/story-g8op9jalPI3OkRIcWvv4sL.html</url>
<title>Sometimes its good to have a quiet birthday!</title>
<body >Actor Karan Nath, who is busy writing a script these days, spent a birthday under lockdown recently. Birthdays are fun when you are all at peace but unfortunately, mine came at a time when there is so much chaos around. Never in my wildest dreams had I thought that I would have a birthday like this. Cases of the pandemic are on the rise and everything has taken a back seat for now, he said. Talking about how his day went, Karan said, Sometimes, its good to have a quiet birthday. This year, it was a family affair with a small, simple cake made by my sister and home food. Also, as I lost my dog recently, I just wanted the day to pass without much hubbub. Besides, in lockdown, nothing much can be done. Yes, wishes did pour in and in such times we all need blessings and good thoughts. Life is so tough at present with people struggling to survive, migrants walking home, and it is all so sad and depressing. Karan had a release in February and then everything went on hold. Talking about his work plans, he said, Maharashtra is the worst hit and Mumbai has reported maximum cases that is more worrisome for all of us. Starting shooting in full force seems like a distant dream at present and it will be difficult not just making films but releasing them too, as bringing people to the theatres will be tricky. Luckily, my film had a theatrical release as it was out in late February though business was impacted like it happened with all the films releasing at that time. His last release Guns of Banaras was completely shot in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh and will see an OTT release soon. These days, writing is taking up most of his time. Yes, my synopsis is done and scripting is in full swing. Soon, this will be done and then we will start casting. Once we get all fixed with an OTT platform then all will be on a roll. But seeing the current scenario I think not before this year-end will we be able to start the project. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/man-killed-one-injured-for-objecting-sale-of-marijuana/story-wMye4mfCpn0SlDiKhOttpL.html</url>
<title>Man killed, one injured for objecting sale of marijuana</title>
<body >A 26-year-old man was murdered in Ghatkopar after he and his friends indulged in a quarrel with four persons who were selling marijuana and alcohol in a slum on Tuesday night. The deceased was identified as Sarfaraz Khan. Two persons  Abdul Latif Shaikh, 34, and Yogesh Shah, 32,  were arrested and police are looking for two more persons. According to Ghatkopar police, the complainant in the case, Allahrakh Shaikh, 32, had come to meet his mother who lives in Ramrahim Mitra Mandal area in Ghatkopar (West). Since the beginning of the lockdown, Allahrakh was living with his friend at Parksite in Vikhroli and decided to meet his mother in Ghatkopar along with two of his friends which included the deceased Sarfaraz and one Salman, said Madan Patil, police inspector, Ghatkopar police station. Allahrakh reached Ghatkopar on Tuesday night when he indulged in an altercation with four persons. As per his complaint, he objected Abdul who was selling marijuana and alcohol. Further, Abdul and his friends had also indulged in an argument with a woman living near Allahrakhs residence. During commotion, Sarfaraz was attacked with sword and knife. He succumbed to his grievous injuries. Salman too was injured in the attack and was hospitalised. The police were informed who have traced two persons and a case has been registered under Indian Penal Code (IPC) section 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder) among others. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/big-locust-swarm-headed-towards-madhya-pradesh-bypasses-delhi/story-BrGCONpY39WadMnToMeXUL.html</url>
<title>Big locust swarm headed towards Madhya Pradesh, bypasses Delhi</title>
<body >A locust swarm is not expected to pass over Delhi and is likely to move towards Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, the Locust Warning Organisation (LWO) said on Wednesday. Reports had suggested the swarm would come towards Delhi on Wednesday, but LWO said the dreaded insects are likely to move from Dausa to Dholpur in Rajasthan and to Morena in Madhya Pradesh, destroying all kinds of vegetation, and not just standing crops. Small swarms have reached Vidarbha and other parts of Maharashtra, as well as parts of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. More swarms are flying in Rajasthan. The alert that they are headed towards Delhi on Wednesday is incorrect. They are headed towards Morena for now, said KL Gurjar, deputy director of the Directorate of Plant Protection Quarantine and Storage and LWO. LWO has 50 teams currently tracking locust swarms from Rajasthan to Madhya Pradesh. Drones have been launched to track the swarms, and fire fighters have been deployed, depending on the size and location of swarms. We have controlled them in 47,000 hectares in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. The swarms which reached Maharashtra are very small. Thankfully, we didnt have any standing crops here in Rajasthan but they can destroy all kinds of vegetation, said Gurjar. LWO teams are spraying the pesticides Malathion 96 and Chlorpyrifos, depending on the location. Gurjar said he was hopeful that all swarms would be destroyed before the insects start breeding during the monsoon. Before the monsoon, we will control them completely so that there is no second wave, he said. LWO had warned in its May 15 bulletin that soil moisture was observed dry at Jaisalmer, Barmer, Phalodi, Jodhpur, Nagaur, Bikaner and Palanpur and wet patches were recorded at Suratgarh and Fazilka. Vegetation was found to be green at Barmer, Jaisalmer, Suratgarh and some parts of Nagaur. Favourable breeding condition for the desert locust is moist sandy or clay soil. Green vegetation is favourable for development of hoppers. Often favourable conditions may exist in the desert but there are no locusts present. Therefore, the presence of moist soil and green vegetation does not automatically mean that there are locusts around according to LWO. As per global situation, some adult groups and swarms [of locusts are] expected to arrive in India from spring breeding areas. Therefore, vigilance will continue towards expected invasion of locusts in coming days, the warning had said. Experts said excess rains in the pre-monsoon season over north India may have created conditions for locusts to thrive at a time earlier than normal this year. For example, northwest India received 24% excess rains from March 1 to May 27 (pre-monsoon months) and central India received 109% excess rains during this period. West and east Rajasthan recorded excess rains of 64% and 117% respectively. Climate scientists and organisations such as the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) have said deadly locust invasions in Africa, Middle East and South Asia are linked to freak weather associated with climate change. WMO said unusually heavy rainfall in late 2019 was a factor in the severe desert locust outbreak in the Horn of Africa region  the worst in more than 25 years, and the most serious in 70 years for Kenya. This is expected to spread further by June and pose a severe threat to food security. Heavy rain triggers the growth of vegetation in arid areas where desert locusts can grow and breed. These locusts which migrated to India early this year might have found greener pastures as the pre-monsoon rains during March-May were in excess over north India this year, said Roxy Mathew Koll, climate scientist at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology. KK Singh, senior scientist at India Meteorological Department, said: Its not a direct link. We cannot say that because we had excess pre-monsoon rains and greenery in northwest and central India, so locusts have invaded us. There are many other factors. Desert locusts can eat as much as their own weight, which is about five to 10 grams, a day. Just one small swarm has the potential to eat the same amount of crops in one day as 35,000 people. If the locusts are not contained, the impact on crops and vegetation will drive up hunger in regions already struggling with high levels of food insecurity. The Food and Agriculture Organisation has said the current locust upsurge is alarming in Eastern Africa. More than 25 million people will face acute food insecurity in the region in the second half of 2020. In Yemen, where locusts have been reproducing in hard-to-access inland areas, 17 million people may be impacted, it said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-s-covid-19-recovery-rate-pegged-at-42-over-64k-cured-of-coronavirus-health-ministry/story-W78uFYTrXc5wWakGaqFI4K.html</url>
<title>Indias Covid-19 recovery rate pegged at 42%, over 64k cured of coronavirus: Health Ministry</title>
<body >A total of 1,51,767 Covid-19 cases have been reported from the country in which 64,426 persons have been cured with the recovery rate being pegged at 42.4%, the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said on Wednesday. The fatality rate is 2.86% whereas the world average is 6.36%, the Ministry said. The Ministry said it utilised the lockdown period for creating health infrastructure required for COVID-19 management. Also Read:Indias Covid-19 tally crosses 150,000-mark, death toll at 4,337 There are now 930 dedicated COVID hospitals with 1,58,747 isolation beds, 20,355 ICU beds and 69,076 oxygen-supported beds available in the country, said the Ministry. It also said that a total of 2,362 dedicated COVID health centres with 1,32,593 Isolation beds; 10,903 ICU beds and 45,562 oxygen-supported beds have been operationalised. There are at least 10,341 quarantine centres and 7,195 COVID care centres with 6,52,830 beds available to combat COVID-19 in the country, said the Ministry. Click here for complete coverage on coronavirus According to the Health Ministry, the Centre also provided 113.58 lakh N95 masks and 89.84 lakh Personal Protective Equipment (PPEs) to the States, UTs and Central institutions. The testing capacity has increased in the country through 435 government laboratories and 189 private labs (total 624 labs). Cumulatively, 32,42,160 samples have been tested so far for COVID-19, whereas 1,16,041 samples were tested in 24 hours, said the Ministry. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cyclone-amphan-destroys-one-third-of-world-s-largest-mangrove-delta-tiger-habitat/story-PaUpb9SC51TeOB51W2jkFK.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan destroys one-third of worlds largest mangrove delta, tiger habitat</title>
<body >Around one-third of the worlds mangrove delta  the Sunderban --- has been damaged by Cyclone Amphan, according to a preliminary assessment of the West Bengal forest department. However, there is no confirmation of deaths of tigers or other animals in the delta, officials said. Around 1500 sq km of forest area has suffered massive damage in the cyclone. The nylon net fencing that was set up to prevent tigers from straying into villages has also been damaged. There are no reports of any animals killed so far in the storm, said Ravi Kant Sinha, chief wildlife warden of West Bengal. The Sunderban delta comprises 102 islands of which 54 have human settlements while the rest have forests. It has around 4200 sq km of forests crisscrossed by rivers and creeks. This is the only mangrove in the world where tigers live. There are around 100 tigers in the Indian part of the Sunderban. We have surveyed almost 70% of the forest area using mechanized boats. Two drones were also used to assess the damage. Extensive areas of mangrove forests have been damaged. But we havent found any carcasses of animals yet. We didnt even see birds circling above any particular area of the forest which could have hinted that there could be a carcass, said S Kulandivel, joint director of Sunderban Biosphere Reserve. Located at the southern tip of Bengal at the mouth of the sea, the dense mangrove is known to protect human settlements including the city of Kolkata, acting as a shield against cyclones. The mangroves do not just help to reduce the wind speed drastically when the storm moves through the delta but even helps to break the waves and the storm surge triggered, Sugata Hazra, professor at School of Oceanographic Studies at Jadavpur University said. It had saved Kolkata from the wrath of Cyclone Aila in 2009 and from Cyclone Bulbul in 2019. But this time the mangrove forest has suffered the most, a forest department official, said after preliminary stock taking. A detailed survey is still going on, he said. Between 2017 and 2019 the delta had already lost nearly two percent mangrove cover, according to the state of forest report 2019. The FSI report also said that since 2011 the very dense mangrove cover, which comprise pristine and thick mangrove forests, has come down from 1038 sq km to 996 sq km in 2019. As incidents of tiger straying was a major problem in the Sunderbans, nylon net fencing has been put up along the forest boundary surrounding the fringe villages. But out of the 211 km of fencing around 100 has been ripped apart by the storm, said Sinha. The Forest Department has already repaired the fencing along 60 km which was in most trouble-some areas such as Kultali, Ajmalmari, Uttar Gurguria and Dakshin Gurguria. These areas had witnessed the maximum cases of tigers straying in the past. Even though there have been no reports of animal deaths after the storm and no carcasses have been found, former top forest officials have warned that tiger straying could increase in the coming months. After Cyclone Aila wild boars could not be found as they could not bear the 4-6 hours of water inundation and died and were swept away. We could not find their carcass. Large animals like tiger and deer survived. But due to shortage of pray (as wild boars were small in number) tiger straying (human- tiger conflict) started. It was a nightmare for forest staff and villagers. I fear that, PK Vyas, former chief wildlife warden of West Bengal said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/oil-india-reports-blow-out-at-well-in-assam-at-least-25-families-evacuated/story-HMDlC4eDw0D2mjLzFG471O.html</url>
<title>Oil India reports blow out at well in Assam, at least 25 families evacuated</title>
<body >Oil India Limited (OIL) authorities in Assams Tinsukia district shifted at least 25 families to safety after a natural gas producing well reported a blowout on Wednesday morning. An OIL press statement said that blowout occurred at the Baghjan-5 well at 10.30am. A blowout is the uncontrolled release of crude oil or gas from a well when pressure control systems fail. The well suddenly became very active while the operation was on, the statement added. As a consequence, the ongoing operations had to be immediately suspended and the well started releasing natural gas in an uncontrolled manner. All efforts have been made to mobilise men and equipment at the site so that the well can be brought under control, it said. The blowout happened while work was underway to produce gas from a new oil and gas-bearing reservoir at a depth of 3,729 metres. Earlier, the well was producing around one lakh standard cubic metre per day (SCMD) of gas from a depth of 3,870 metres. All arrangements are being made now to bring the well under control. Water spraying and all adequate safety measures including installing a blow out preventer (BOP) is being done, the statement added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 21:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/omar-abdullah-mehbooba-mufti-refused-to-participate-in-jk-polls-satya-pal-malikvideo/video-S5Wcl6rWZbakCtB74Z0XWM.html</url>
<title>Omar Abdullah, Mehbooba Mufti refused to participate in JK polls: Satya Pal Malik</title>
<body >Goa Governor Satya Pal Malik accused National Conferences Omar Abdullah and PDPs Mehbooba Mufti of not participating in Jammu and Kashmirs panchayat polls. Malik said he went to Omar and Mehboobas house to convince the two leaders. The claim was later refuted by Omar Abdullah who hit out at Malik for lying frequently. Malik was the former governor of Jammu and Kashmir. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/i-can-t-live-with-my-dead-dreams-police-recovers-actor-preksha-mehta-s-suicide-note/story-SLXvLDoFOZjjxF7XZdOz0I.html</url>
<title>I cant live with my dead dreams: Police recover actor Preksha Mehtas suicide note</title>
<body >Television actor Preksha Mehta, who committed suicide on Monday night, wrote in a suicide note that she couldnt live with broken dreams. The 25-year-old Crime Patrol actor was found hanging from a ceiling fan Tuesday morning at her Indore residence. A Times of India report has quoted police inspector Rajeev Bhadoriya from Heera Nagar police station, Indore, as saying, A one-page suicide note was found in Prekshas room, wherein she wrote about how she tried hard to stay positive through these times but couldnt. Bhadoria also told PTI, During our initial investigation, we believe that she was suffering from depression. We are carrying out a detailed investigation in this case. According to him, the note read, Mere toote huye sapno ne mere confidence ka dam tod diya hai, main mare huye sapnon ke saath nahi jee sakti. Iss negativity ke saath rehna mushkil hai. Pichle ek saal se maine bohot koshish ki. Ab mein thak gayi hoon (My shattered dreams have broken my confidence, I cant live with dead dreams. Its difficult to live in this negativity. I have been trying since past one year. I am tired now). The report also quoted her cousin, who lives near the familys Indore residence, as saying, She worked hard and realised her dreams all by herself. So her self-expectations were really high, and that she was a vibrant girl since childhood, but lately she had been very quiet. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses The cousin informed that Preksha had not joined her family to a cards session on Monday night and was sitting alone on the stairs. One being asked by her mother if she was okay, she had assured her that she was fine. Hours before her death, she had written on her Instagram stories, Sabse bura hota hai, sapnon ka mar jaana (The death of the dreams is the worst). Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/heatwave-likely-to-continue-during-next-24-hours-imd/story-C8wy3yPL4kO3yh2ltfahnI.html</url>
<title>Heatwave likely to continue during next 24 hours: IMD</title>
<body >The ongoing heatwave over several parts of north and central India is likely to continue during the next 24 hours, the India Meteorological Department said on Wednesday, even as the southwest monsoon made further advancement in parts of Bay of Bengal. North and central India have been reeling under a severe heatwave and temperatures have soared over 47 degrees Celsius at a few places.    Due to the prevailing dry north-westerly winds over plains of northwest India, central India and the adjoining interior parts of eastern India, the present heatwave conditions are very likely to continue during next 24 hours, the IMD said. Heatwave conditions at many places with severe heatwave in isolated pockets are very likely over Vidarbha, west Rajasthan, the IMD said.    Heatwave conditions are also likely in some pockets over Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, west Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and east Rajasthan, and in isolated pockets over Punjab, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Saurashtra and Kutch, central Maharashtra and Marathwada, Telangana and north interior Karnataka during the next 24 hours, the IMD added. A western disturbance is likely to give some relief on May 29 and 30. During this period, parts of north India are likely to witness dust storms and thunderstorms. Western disturbance is a cyclonic circulation which originates in the Mediterranean Sea. Traversing central Asia, it brings rains to the hills and plains when it comes in contact with the Himalayas.    On the progress of the southwest monsoon, the national weather forecasting centre of the IMD said it has further advanced into some more parts of south Bay of Bengal, most parts of Andaman Sea and Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Conditions are becoming favourable for further advance of southwest monsoon into some parts of Maldives-Comorin area and adjoining southeast Arabian Sea, remaining parts of Andaman Sea and some more parts of south and central Bay of Bengal during next 48 hours, it added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/bjp-not-trying-to-topple-government-in-maharashtra-prasad/story-byJNWVbJCeZ7yYaG6kHiKL.html</url>
<title>BJP not trying to topple government in Maharashtra: Ravi Shankar Prasad</title>
<body >Union law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Wednesday dismissed allegations that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is trying to topple the Maharashtra government as scurrilous. Accusing the Congress of running away from taking responsibility for the Covid-19 situation in Maharashtra, which tops the list of states with the maximum number of infections and deaths, Prasad said the allies in the Maha Vikas Aghadi (MVA) government need to put their house in order. They (the state government) need to take firm steps to control the situation in Maharashtra. Mumbai has become a hot spot in the world, Prasad told journalists during an online news briefing. The Congress-NCP-Shiv Sena government in Maharashtra has accused the BJP of trying to topple it, even as BJP leaders pushed for the state to be brought under Presidents Rule. Reacting to the MVAs allegation and Congress leader Rahul Gandhis comments that his party only supports the government and is not a key player, Prasad said, Maybe things are not under the control of the chief minister and there are issues within the coalition in the state. A war of words has erupted between the state government and the railway ministry on requisitioning trains for migrant workers, and Prasad defended his Cabinet colleague, railway minister Piyush Goyal. He said Goyal has offered trains, but the buck stops with the Uddhav Thackeray government. Maharashtra is staring at political upheaval even as it grapples to contain the spread of the Coronavirus. On Tuesday, former chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said the state government will fall on its own because of internal differences between allies. Senior BJP MP Narayan Rane met Governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari and demanded Presidents Rule in the state. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/flying-to-kolkata-tomorrow-here-s-what-you-need-to-know/story-s5KDS02QUJa7NM53pdEfyM.html</url>
<title>Flying to Kolkata tomorrow? Heres what you need to know</title>
<body >The domestic flight services will resume in West Bengal on Thursday, two days after air travel was thrown open in the rest of the country. The Bengal government had asked the Centre to not resume the flight service as the state has been ravaged by Cyclone Amphan. On Tuesday, Home Secretary Alapan Bandyopadhyay said the state government no longer had the infrastructure to support lakhs of returning migrant workers. Ahead of the resumption of services, the West Bengal government has said that the Kolkata and Bagdogra airports in the state will handle only 20 flights each per day. The state government on Tuesday released fresh guideline for domestic air travel keeping in mind the safety of passengers during the coronavirus pandemic. Heres what you need to follow if you are planning to travel to West Bengal:  All passengers are required to submit filled up self-declaration form at the time of arrival to the state health officials.  All passengers will have to undergo health screening at the point of departure and only asymptomatic passengers shall be allowed to board the plane.  On arrival, health screening shall also be done for all the passengers.  The government further said in the guideline that all samples will be collected for coronavirus test from all symptomatic passengers.  The guideline said asymptomatic passengers will be allowed to go with the advice that they shall self monitor their health for 14 days. In case they develop any symptoms, they shall inform the local medical officer or state call centre at 1800 313 444 222/033-23412600,2357 3636/1083/1085 for medical interventions.  Those with moderate or severe symptoms will be admitted to the dedicated Covid-19 health facility and managed accordingly. Those with mild symptoms will be asked to go for home or institutional isolation.  Further, medical interventions will be taken as per the test result.  Adequate publicity for maintenance of social distancing norms and health hygiene protocol should be done at the airport. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/nobody-can-stare-down-modi-s-india-rs-prasad-on-border-standoff-with-china/story-8KUnrscHcmkLXchpn1R0yO.html</url>
<title>Nobody can stare down Modis India: RSPrasad on border standoff with China</title>
<body >Amid the standoff between Indian and Chinese troops at the Ladakh border, the ruling BJP on Wednesday asserted that no country can stare down India under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Narendra Modi ke Bharat ko koi aankh nahi dikha sakta (No country can stare down PM Modis India), BJP leader and Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in Hindi during a press conference. He was asked about Indias standoff with China and also differences with Nepal. Congress leader Rahul Gandhi had asked the Modi government on Tuesday to be transparent about the border situation with China. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/bihar-girl-who-carried-father-on-cycle-for-1200-km-gets-a-call-for-trialsvideo/video-yLxXSlHsY7FXRc7CmydSSL.html</url>
<title>Bihar girl who carried father on cycle for 1200 km, gets a call for trials</title>
<body >The girl from Bihar who carried her father on a bicycle to native place, got a call from Cycle Federation for trials. The 15-year-old Jyoti Kumari had carried her ailing father on a cycle to Bihar during lockdown. The girl covered a distance of almost 1200 km on the cycle. Jyoti said she is happy to have gotten a call for trials and will be going to Delhi in the next month. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/china-s-survey-team-summits-mt-everest-to-remeasure-its-height/story-snh11Jgl5S04q1t50JhaDK.html</url>
<title>Chinas survey team summits Mt Everest to remeasure its height</title>
<body >A Chinese survey team on Wednesday reached Mount Everest through Tibet to remeasure the exact height of the worlds tallest mountain. According to Chinas measurement the height of Mount Everest is 8844.43 meters which is four meters less than Nepals calculations, the state media reported. On May 1, China, which differs with Nepal over the height of Mount Everest, began a new survey to measure the altitude of the worlds highest peak. The event marked a crucial step in Chinas mission to remeasure the height of the worlds highest peak, which scientists believe will enhance human knowledge of nature and help boost scientific development, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. After summiting, team members began erecting a survey marker on the snow-covered peak, which measures less than 20 square meters, the report said. Chinese surveyors have conducted six rounds of scaled measurement and scientific research on Mt Everest and released the height of the peak twice in 1975 and 2005, which was 8,848.13 meters and 8,844.43 meters respectively, the report said. In Tibetan language, Mount Everest is known as Mount Qomolangma. China and Nepal settled their border dispute in 1961 with the boundary line passing through the summit of Mount Everest. More and more international climbers are reportedly using the Tibetan side of Mount Everest as China has improved infrastructure facilities compared to that of Nepal. China which closed Qomolangma National Park in southwest Chinas Tibet Autonomous Region as a precaution following the coronavirus outbreak reopened it on May 1 coinciding with May Day holidays. Nepal closed all of its Himalayan peaks including Mount Everest in March in view of the coronavirus outbreak. Chinese tech firm Huawei is working with China Mobile to build two 5G stations on Mount Everest. The stations are expected to cover the summit of the mountain. The two installations will be the worlds highest terrestrial 5G base stations, Global Times reported on May 1. The 6,500-meter-high point will likely be the highest place where Huawei is able to build a 5G station, but whether the signal can extend as high as the summit at 8,848 meters still needs to be tested. We are striving to make that happen, Zhang Bo, Huawei project manager said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shootout-at-lokhandwala-ekta-kapoor-celebrates-13-years-of-gripping-story-of-mafia-madness/story-o8SpI8rwhCh0w7EalM5bYP.html</url>
<title>Shootout at Lokhandwala: Ekta Kapoor celebrates 13 years of gripping story of mafia madness</title>
<body >Filmmaker Ekta Kapoor took to Instagram on Wednesday to celebrate the completion of 13 years of her production, Shootout at Lokhandwala. She wrote a long note and shared a clip from the film. She wrote: Aye ganpat chal wapas aaa! When gupts asked me why I wanted to make this movie ( as in b the studio) I told him  done many shows for women!!! This one is for the boys ...he started laughing said Welcome to world of testosterone  ! Of course when we do another in. This franchise we will enduse some ass kicking estrogen !wat say ???credit: @balajimotionpictures... Celebrating 13 years of the gripping story of mafia madness and mayhem amidst the pulsating city of Mumbai. #13YearsOfShootoutAtLokhandwala. Shootout at Lokhandwala was based on the real-life gun battle between gangsters and Mumbai Police that took place at the Lokhandwala Complex in 1991. Ektas Balaji Telefilms was one of its producers while Apoorva Lakhia directed it. Its all star cast included Sanjay Dutt, Suniel Shetty, Abhishek Bachchan, Vivek Oberoi, Tusshar Kapoor, Amitabh Bachchan and Dia Mirza among others. Through the lockdown, Ekta Kapoor has been doing her bit to help those most affected by the ongoing pandemic. In early April came the news that she had decided to give up one years salary to help daily wage workers amid lockdown. Taking to Twitter to make the announcement, she had written: The impact of CORONA crisis is huge, unprecedented and multi-pronged. We all need to do things that will ease the hardship of people around us and of our country at large. Also read: Bhagyashree says a photographer once asked Salman Khan to catch and smooch her. His reply won her over It is my first  foremost responsibility to take care of the various freelancers  daily wage workers who work at Balaji  who are going to suffer an immense loss due to no shootings in the current scenario and uncertainty over the indefinite period to follow. I would thus forsake my one years salary that is 2.5 crores at Balaji Telefilms so that my co-workers dont have to take a hit during this period of crisis and complete lockdown. The only way ahead is Together. Stay safe, stay healthy. (WithANI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/anil-kapoor-s-evolution-as-an-actor-from-dwapar-yug-to-2020-courtesy-daughter-rhea/story-gStWhj3n49qFJoGFJMGF3O.html</url>
<title>Anil Kapoors evolution as an actor from Dwapar yug to 2020, courtesy daughter Rhea</title>
<body >Actor Anil Kapoor has made good use of his time at home through the lockdown period. Some time back, he had shared pictures of himself, all bulked up. Now, his producer daughter Rhea has shared a collage of his pictures from his early films to 2020. Sharing it as her Instagram story, she said: Evolution of Anil Kapoor - Dwapar Yug, 980 BC, 90s and 2020. One of the pictures is possibly from his film Lamhe (1991), where he shaved off his moustache. He, of course, did it again for Jhoot Bole Kauwa Kaate (1998) and Salaam-e-Ishq (2007). The last picture is the one he had shared recently that showed his muscular frame. Sharing a post about his body transformation, Anil has written some time back: I made this post not to show off or talk myself up, but to pass on some simple advice on. When it comes to body building, nothing is beyond us. At different ages we can work differently to achieve great results. If youre asking if you need to spend a lot of money on supplements to achieve this, the answer is no. I have not taken any kind of supplements in this process. My trainer Marc and I have been talking about doing this kind of rebuild of my body for as many years as we have been together, which is 6 years! Time was always a stumbling block, or filming requirements, endorsements, social obligations or family time. Every year we would say we - this year for sure. Also read: Bhagyashree says a photographer once asked Salman Khan to catch and smooch her. His reply won her over Now in these very difficult circumstances, time is something we all seem to have a great deal of, so why not use this time to do the things you always promised yourself you would do. Strengthen your body, build muscle, build immunity, build flexibility. Respect your body. We might never have this much time available to us ever again. Rhea, of course, has been sharing fun stuff as well as family pictures through the lockdown. In fact, for her parents wedding anniversary, she had written: Happy 36 years of marriage and 11 years of dating. I got exhausted just writing that. Love you both. OnWednesday, Anil had shared video clips of his demanding workout regime, while staying at home. Rhea has produced Veere Di Wedding along with Nikhil Dwivedi and Ekta Kapoor. The film starred Sonam Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor Khan, Swara Bhasker and Shikha Talsania as its lead. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cherries-in-abundance-in-kashmir-but-farmers-find-no-markets/story-DmdxJiy4eQemMuI6YIGg6N.html</url>
<title>Cherries in abundance in Kashmir but farmers find no markets</title>
<body >Cherry trees across the Kashmir Valley are laden with fruit after a good season but farmers are staring at the possibility of heavy losses due to a lack of transportation because of the Covid-19 lockdown. The railways have offered to ease the burden of farmers by transporting the fruit to various states from Amritsar. However, farmers continue to be worried because of problems related to the movement of trucks till Amritsar. Officials said they requested Northern Railways to help transport Kashmirs cherries and this was accepted on the condition that the fruits are delivered to the railhead at Amritsar. From June 1, Northern Railways has agreed to transport four to six metric tonnes of cherries daily from Amritsar to Delhi and Mumbai. We requested them to transport the fruits from Jammu, but that didnt materialise, said Manzoor Ahmad Mir, deputy director for horticulture planning and marketing. Mir said tentative figures showed the production of cherries in the Kashmir Valley this year is about 12,000 metric tonnes. Last year, the figure was around 11,700 metric tonnes. Kashmir exports some 3,500 to 4000 metric tonnes of cherries to other states every year, he said. Despite the sizeable yield, farmers are a worried lot because of the lack of demand following the closure of markets and difficulties in transporting the cherries from farms to markets amid Covid-19-related restrictions. The market is down and we arent getting good rates here. I am getting Rs 45 to Rs 50 a kg this year as against last years Rs 75 to Rs 90 a kg. Shops and markets here are closed and our cherries must reach other states, otherwise they wont survive, said Manzoor Ahmad Sheikh, a farmer from Lar Ganderbal in central Kashmir. Kashmir produces four types of cherries  Awwal Number, Double, Mishri and Makhmali  with the latter two being sold to other states. This year, we had a lot of expectations from the cherry crop as apple trees suffered damage due to bad weather during flowering. Our livelihood and the education of our children are dependent on this. If something is not done immediately, our families are going to suffer, Sheikh said. Apart from low demand, there are difficulties in transporting the fruits even within the region, and this has triggered fears the fruits could get spoiled if they are not harvested immediately. Cherries are extremely perishable, with a very short shelf life. We arent able to transport the fruits as there are no movement passes. Even if some have passes, free movement is still not allowed owing to the lockdown, said Pardeep Singh, whose family owns a farm in north Kashmirs Baramulla. Deputy director Mir said authorities have taken up the matter of transportation with Kashmirs divisional commissioner. We have requested t divisional commissioner that fruit transportation should get priority on the national highway and there should be no hindrance to the movement of trucks, he said. Cherries are grown on an estimated 2,713 hectares in Kashmir and over the years, the production has increased. From 8,282 metric tonnes during 2016-17, the figure increased to 11,280 metric tonnes in 2017-18 and further to 11,789 metric tonnes in 2018-19. The farmers said they have also been hit by logistical issues. The fruit is ready but there are no cardboard boxes in the markets to pack them. Industries are closed and so there is scarcity of boxes, said Mudasir Ahmad Lone, another farmer from Baramulla. The government should do something, they should buy some fruit themselves and open industries and mandis, he said. A senior official of the horticulture department, speaking on condition of anonymity, said authorities had submitted proposals to the government for opening cherry processing units. We have 25 cherry processing units for canning the fruit. We have asked the government to provide transportation and packaging for farmers, besides permission to open these units. The proposal for providing minimum support price to farmers did not mature. Lets see what will happen as time is running out, said the official. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/iaf-chief-bhadauria-flies-tejas-single-seater-aircraft-at-sulur-airbase/story-yhoCLKfNsoo8NyYoCGq6vN.html</url>
<title>IAF chief Bhadauria flies Tejas single-seater aircraft at Sulur airbase</title>
<body >Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal R K S Bhadauria flew a Tejas single-seater light combat aircraft at the Sulur air force station on Wednesday.   Officials said Air Chief Marshal Bhadauria, who worked with the team that developed the Tejas jet, flew the aircraft which is part of the IAFs 45 Squadron. The Chief of Air Staff was in Sulur to operationalise the IAFs 18 Squadron, which is codenamed as Flying Bullets. It will be the second squadron in the Indian Air Force to fly the Tejas aircraft. The Tejas has been developed by the Aeronautical Development Agency and the HAL. The lifespan of the jet would be a minimum of 30 years just like any other front-line combat aircraft. The combat jets are classified under various generations depending on their avionics, capability and weapons systems. The current fleet of fighter jets with the IAF range from three-and-half generation to the fourth generation. The Indian Air Force has already placed an order for 40 Tejas and is likely to seal a contract very soon with HAL for another 83 aircraft at a cost of around Rs 38,000 crore. A naval version of the Tejas light combat aircraft is in development stage. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/congress-to-launch-speakup-campaign-to-raise-voice-of-poor-migrants-small-businesses/story-wJbmlaUjEClqQRuCykx1yJ.html</url>
<title>Congress to launch SpeakUp campaign to raise voice of poor, migrants, small businesses</title>
<body >The Congress will launch a SpeakUp campaign on May 28 to help raise the voice of the poor, migrants, small businesses and the middle class people before the central government. Congress spokesperson Ajay Maken said the party  leaders, workers and sympathisers will run the online campaign from 11 am to 2 pm on Thursday. We demand that transport be made available to all  migrants to ensure that they reach home safely, increase their employment days to 200 under MGNREGA and provide  Rs 10,000 as immediate financial help to the poor besides a financial package for small industries, he told reporters. Congress social media department head Rohan Gupta said all party leaders and workers would put out messages through their Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Youtube accounts to help the voice of the poor, migrants and small businessmen and traders reach the government. The party also launched a small video on the campaign. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/rahul-gandhi-speaks-with-maharashtra-cm-uddhav-thackeray-assures-support/story-57653Vgzn2LOME8Vo82GVP.html</url>
<title>Rahul Gandhi speaks with Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray, assures support</title>
<body >A day after his comment led to speculations that all was not well within Maharashtras ruling coalition, former Congress president Rahul Gandhi spoke with chief minister Uddhav Thackeray over the phone on Wednesday morning. Rahul Gandhi had said in a press conference on Tuesday that his party was only playing a supporting role in Maharashtra and it was not a key decision-maker. Congress is a partner in the ruling Maharashtra Vikas Aghadi (MVA) also comprising the Shiv Sena and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). Congress leaders later said that Rahul Gandhis statement was twisted. On Tuesday, he told Uddhav Thackeray that his government was doing a good job to combat the coronavirus pandemic despite the difficulties the state has been facing. Rahulji and Uddhavji had a telephonic conversation in the morning and air was cleared over the speculations after formers statement in the press conference. The Congress leader clarified that his statement was taken out of proportion and the Congress stands in full support of the government, a Shiv Sena leader said. Rahul Gandhi also explained his stand behind the statement and how he has been categorically stating how important the state is and how it should be given more importance in the fight against Covid-19. He also said that the Congress is with Maharashtra and the MVA government is capable of taking a decision in its fight against the pandemic. Thackeray too reportedly assured Rahul Gandhi that the Congress, junior partner in the MVA, has been given equal importance in the decision making. Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray will meet with the members of the alliance partners on Wednesday afternoon against the backdrop of a spurt in political activities in the last few days. The meeting, to be held at the chief ministers official residence Varsha, is expected to be attended by key ministers from the Shiv Sena, NCP and Congress, an MVA minister said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-deaths-in-india-could-top-18-000-soon-says-report/story-C7NOknS1hkjyLi8AF8P3HO.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 deaths in India could top 18,000 soon, says report</title>
<body >Covid-19 cases are expected to peak in early July in India, where deaths from the pandemic could top 18,000, an Epidemiologist and a public health expert said. The country is still in the ascending limb of the epidemic, said Prof D Prabhakaran, Director, Centre for Control of Chronic Conditions (CCCC). Prabhakaran, also Professor at the Department of Epidemiology, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, the UK, said there can be no single number when asked about his assessment on eventual Covid-19 deaths in India. We should peak around early July. This is based on a study of various published models and observing how the epidemic has risen and fallen in other countries, he told PTI on Wednesday. Given that we are expecting around four to six lakh cases and with an average of three per cent mortality, it (Covid-19 deaths in India) would be around 12,000-18,000, added the Adjunct Professor, Rollins School of Public Health, Emory University in the US. On low mortality rate in India and possible reasons for it, he said we will know if the mortality is actually low when the epidemic ends. However with limited data it appears that mortality is low. To me I think it is the age structure as compared to Italy or the US which is much younger in India, the Vice President - Research  Policy, Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI), where he is also Professor, Epidemiology, said. Age is an important risk factor and the older you are the chances of having these problems are higher. Other reasons including universal BCG vaccination, Malaria endemicity, exposure to repeated infections, unsanitary conditions increasing our immunity, hot weather have been implicated but we dont have any clear proof of their role, he added. Director of Indian Institute of Public Health-Hyderabad, Prof G V S Murthy said the lowest mortality in the South Asia region has been reported from Sri Lanka (0.4 per million) while India, Singapore, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Malaysia have similar low rates per million population. It is difficult to say why the mortality is lower in these countries, Profesor Murthy said. All these countries initiated a community lock down early in the course of the pandemic and therefore this may have reduced the contact with active cases of Covid-19 unlike in Europe and the US where such steps were delayed. Evidence available globally and in India shows that the risk of mortality is highest among those aged 60 years or older , he said. In India, 50 per cent of all Covid-19 deaths have been among those older than 60 years. The proportion of population aged 60-plus in India is 9.9 per cent compared to 22.4 per cent in the US, 24.1 per cent in the UK and 29.4 per cent in Italy. Because of the early lockdown, exposure of this high risk population in India along with those with co-morbidities like diabetes and hypertension was reduced significantly. This could be the main cause of low mortality, Professor Murthy told PTI. He added that in a fortnight, dengue, malaria and diarrhoea will start creating havoc. Lessons learnt from Covid-19 on importance of personal hygiene and self-care are the mantras for curtailing the adverse effects of infectious diseases. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/rahul-gandhi-speaks-with-maharashtra-cm-uddhav-thackeray-assures-support/story-crzjr8DC0wm4x53MYi139O.html</url>
<title>Rahul Gandhi speaks with Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray, assures support</title>
<body >A day after his comment led to speculations that all was not well within Maharashtras ruling coalition, former Congress president Rahul Gandhi spoke with chief minister Uddhav Thackeray over the phone on Wednesday morning. Rahul Gandhi had said in a press conference on Tuesday that his party was only playing a supporting role in Maharashtra and it was not a key decision-maker. Congress is a partner in the ruling Maharashtra Vikas Aghadi (MVA) also comprising the Shiv Sena and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). Congress leaders later said that Rahul Gandhis statement was twisted. On Tuesday, he told Uddhav Thackeray that his government was doing a good job to combat the coronavirus pandemic despite the difficulties the state has been facing. Rahulji and Uddhavji had a telephonic conversation in the morning and air was cleared over the speculations after formers statement in the press conference. The Congress leader clarified that his statement was taken out of proportion and the Congress stands in full support of the government, a Shiv Sena leader said. Rahul Gandhi also explained his stand behind the statement and how he has been categorically stating how important the state is and how it should be given more importance in the fight against Covid-19. He also said that the Congress is with Maharashtra and the MVA government is capable of taking a decision in its fight against the pandemic. Thackeray too reportedly assured Rahul Gandhi that the Congress, junior partner in the MVA, has been given equal importance in the decision making. Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray will meet with the members of the alliance partners on Wednesday afternoon against the backdrop of a spurt in political activities in the last few days. The meeting, to be held at the chief ministers official residence Varsha, is expected to be attended by key ministers from the Shiv Sena, NCP and Congress, an MVA minister said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/are-in-big-numbers-there-will-be-difficulty-ravi-shankar-prasad-on-migrants/story-UPpWwSRHbnHKeNy1XFWFVN.html</url>
<title>Are in big numbers, there will be difficulty: Union minister on migrants</title>
<body >The Indian government is ready to provide migrant workers with trains, said union law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, adding itni badi sankhya hai kuch toh pareshani hoti hai (They are in such large numbers, there will be some difficulty). The minister made the comments at a press conference on Wednesday. Referring to Congress Rahul Gandhis meet with migrants, Prasad dismissed it as an attempt at theatrics. Speaking about his meeting with migrant workers, the Congress leader said there is a sense of hopelessness. Bharosa toot gaya (Have lost faith) is what Rahul Gandhi said the workers told him. The Congress will launch a SpeakUp campaign on May 28 to help raise the voice of the poor, migrants, small businesses and the middle class people before the central government. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court issued notices to the Centre and state governments over the migrants plight, saying there have been lapses.  The bench said the central and state governments should immediately provide adequate transport arrangement, food and shelters free of costs. Media reports, the court said, had been continuously showing the unfortunate and miserable conditions of migrant labourers walking on-foot and cycles from long distances. Not proper for me to make observations on the Supreme Courts remarks. The state and central governments will respond to the notice. All the governments are doing their best, these are very challenging times, said the law minister. Earlier, the Congress had accused the central government and the rail ministry of charging migrants for train tickets in this hour of crisis. Stepping in, Congress president Sonia Gandhi had said her party will bear the cost for the rail travel of all such workers stranded due to the coronavirus lockdown. Since then the party has attacked the BJP for the same. Rahul Gandhi also made false allegations that ticket money is being taken for workers tickets in Shramik Special trains. The government has repeatedly told that the fare is not being charged from the labourers, the railway ministry is carrying 85% of the ticket fare and the state governments 15%, said Prasad. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/145-trains-for-maharashtra-piyush-goyal-slams-uddhav-govt-over-shramik-trainsvideo/video-CaHsADqiKv11hIWgQp4qBL.html</url>
<title>145 trains for Maharashtra: Piyush Goyal slams Uddhav govt over Shramik trains</title>
<body >War of words between Maharashtra government and Union Minister Piyush Goyal continued over Shramik trains. Goyal attacked state government over not providing list of trains for migrants. This came after Uddhav Thackeray government alleged that Centre had provided half the trains requested by the state. Piyush, in a series of tweets, asked Maharashtra government to send details of passengers and said the authorities had arranged for 145 trains in Maharashtra. Watch the video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/testing-11-lakh-covid-samples-daily-indias-fatality-rate-at-287-govtvideo/video-G2yfOJw3r4Q9g6AUEnU2bL.html</url>
<title>Testing 1.1 lakh Covid samples daily; Indias fatality rate at 2.87%: Govt</title>
<body >Government officials spoke on testing of Covid-19 and the situation in India. Health Ministrys Joint Secretary Lav Agarwal spoke on the fatality rate and said Indias fatality rate is among the lowest in the world at 2.87%. Agarwal added that India only reported 0.3 deaths per lakh population as compared to 4.5 deaths per lakh population globally. ICMR DG Balram Bhargava said India has significantly ramped up Covid-19 testing. We are not testing about 1.1 lakh samples daily, Bhargava said. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/suman-nushrat-bharucha-learns-hand-washing-from-dr-kulshrestha-covid/video-jooONNN1PRnv6Hg8h4mLzJ.html</url>
<title>SUMAN: Nushrat Bharucha learns hand washing from Dr Kulshrestha | Covid</title>
<body >Dr Manish Kulshrestha, Senior Consultant and Unit Head, General and Laparoscopic Surgery, Fortis Hospital, explained proper hand hygiene to actor Nushrat Bharucha. He demonstrated the most effective technique of washing hands with the help of the mnemonic SUMAN. Dr Kulshrestha said that hand hygiene is one of the most important components of any regimen aimed at preventing diseases like Covid-19. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/delhi-govt-wants-metro-services-to-resume-kailash-gahlot/video-XGYVtXLAWcRWv9zm671sQO.html</url>
<title>Delhi govt wants metro services to resume: Kailash Gahlot</title>
<body >Delhi transport minister Kailash Gahlot has said that it wants metro services to begin in the capital and put the onus on the Central government. He said that people are being inconvenienced by metro services being shut and added that DMRC would need two days notice to resume services. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid-lockdown-how-actor-vivek-oberoi-helped-migrant-labourers/video-PYn7PVEIDOVqxZiYLBAF0N.html</url>
<title>Covid lockdown: How actor Vivek Oberoi helped migrant labourers</title>
<body >Actor Vivek Oberoi said that he has been helping 5,000 migrant labourer families via his initiative Saath, ie, Support, Aid  Assist The Helpless. He shared news about the initiative during the HT City Spotlight webinar. Vivek said that his mother, who acts as his moral compass, alerted him to the plight of migrant labourers by helping some of them stuck at a building opposite their house. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/keep-covid-virus-restless-dr-sks-marya-s-exercise-tips-for-lockdown/video-72jb9Xu9c4C63D2GudeQQK.html</url>
<title>Keep Covid virus restless...: Dr SKS Maryas exercise tips for lockdown</title>
<body >Dr SKS Marya, chairman - orthopaedics at Max Healthcare, suggested exercise for people stuck at home during the Covid-induced lockdown. Interacting with actors Suresh and Vivek Oberoi at the HT City Spotlight webinar, Dr Marya also emphasised on mental and emotional well-being, and their contribution to overall health. He said that a person who is mentally strong can fight more diseases than medicines. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/no-major-side-effects-of-hcq-icmr-after-who-suspends-drug-testingvideo/video-0dO7RooRRWdne3r01DE1QI.html</url>
<title>No major side-effects of HCQ: ICMR after WHO suspends drug testing</title>
<body >ICMR DG Balram Bhargava said hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) was advised after biological plausibility, in-vitro studies showed it had anti-viral property. We had thought it would be an effective drug for preventing Covid, Balram said. The COVID-19 is an evolving field and we do not know which drug is working and which is not working. Lot of drugs are being repurposed for COVID-19, whether for prophylaxis or for treatment of COVID-19. We found there were no major side affects except for nausea, vomiting, palpitation occasionally. Hence in our advisory we have recommended that it should be continued for prophylaxis as there is no harm. Benefit may be there, ICMR Director General Balram Bhargava said. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/watch-nepal-pm-oli-blames-india-for-covid-19-spread-in-country/video-06yXWKWZfR56Hf1aGalALJ.html</url>
<title>Watch: Nepal PM Oli blames India for Covid-19 spread in country</title>
<body >Nepal Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli has blamed India for the spread of coronavirus in the country. He said that while the WHO has mandated testing of people at the borders, those returning from India were not tested and this has added to the Covid menace in the country. This comes amid tensions between India and Nepal over territorial disputes. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/watch-shortage-of-taxis-at-airport-hits-delhiites-hard-as-flights-resume/video-oQE3HvcFzNNSSVIQrhZfGI.html</url>
<title>Watch: Shortage of taxis at airport hits Delhiites hard as flights resume</title>
<body >Domestic flights have resumed but passengers at the Delhi airport have a new problem at hand. There is an acute shortage of taxis in the airport as many of the taxi drivers have left for their villages amid the lockdown. Domestic flights from the Delhi airport resumed from Monday after the government allowed operations with several guidelines. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/watch-rahul-gandhi-responds-to-nirmala-sitharaman-s-dramebaazi-jibe/video-ouTnr75f9k7TEkKNHRSzlL.html</url>
<title>Watch: Rahul Gandhi responds to Nirmala Sitharamansdramebaazi jibe</title>
<body >Congress leader Rahul Gandhi responded to Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharamans dramebaazi jibe at him for meeting migrant labourers. He said that he would carry the bags of the migrant labourers if the government gave him permission to walk to Uttar Pradesh. He further added that he met the migrant labourers so he could highlight their cause as they are the countrys strength. Watch the video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/lockdown-failed-what-next--rahul-gandhi-questions-govt-on-covid-crisisvideo/video-yu3XBfUP4weXSYQn6o2woM.html</url>
<title>Lockdown failed, what next?: Rahul Gandhi questions govt on Covid crisis</title>
<body >Congress leader Rahul Gandhi took a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi stating that his initial plan of battling covid-19 had failed. Two months ago the PM said that we were going to fight a 21-day fight against Covid-19. It was his expectation that we would defeat the virus in 21 days, said Rahul. He also said that the four stages of lockdown have not given the result that PM expected. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/explained-why-who-suspended-hydroxychloroquine-trials-covid-19video/video-Kgk830xpKZfJ8dQh1lQmQP.html</url>
<title>Explained: Why WHO suspended hydroxychloroquine trials | Covid-19</title>
<body >The World Health Organization has temporarily halted trials on hydroxychloroquine due to safety concerns. According to a study by The Lancet, patients given HCQ had higher death rates than those not on the drug. WHO will review the data collected so far in Solidarity Trial and seven other studies globally. WHO was investigating its use as a treatment for patients hospitalized with Covid-19, not as a drug to prevent the disease. India is the worlds biggest producer of hydroxychloroquine. Watch the full video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/who-halts-hydroxychloroquine-trials-in-covid-patients-over-safety-concernsvideo/video-cB0KxyuqBMIXazn1E5NjlN.html</url>
<title>WHO halts hydroxychloroquine trials in Covid patients over safety concerns</title>
<body >The World Health Organization has suspended testing the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine in COVID-19 patients due to safety concerns. WHO chief, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the decision comes after a study published in The Lancet medical journal suggested the drug could increase the risk of death among COVID-19 patients. Hydroxychloroquine earlier raised hopes of emerging as a potential treatment and prevention measure. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/major-fire-breaks-out-at-delhis-tughalakbad-officials-suspect-gas-cylinder-blastvideo/video-sbTrGZbTjZPadr1WAcze0L.html</url>
<title>Major fire breaks out at Delhis Tughalakbad, officials suspect gas cylinder blast</title>
<body >A major fire broke out in Delhis Tughalakbad slum area in the early hours of May 26. Nearly 250 huts were gutted in the blaze. Fire tenders had reached the spot to douse the flames. No causalities have been reported yet. Deputy Chief Fire officer of South Delhi Zone said that the situation is under control and suspected that the cylinder blast could be a reason behind the fire. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/how-to-handle-injuries-at-home-one-must-have-medicine-dr-sks-marya-explainsvideo/video-KQ04ZpHAuy54PTywhRWZoL.html</url>
<title>How to handle injuries at home; one must-have medicine: Dr SKS Marya explains</title>
<body >With most people having to do household chores on their own due to the lockdown, Dr SKS Marya, chairman - orthopaedics at Max Healthcare, explained how one should react to injuries suffered at home, especially in the case of senior citizens. He also revealed one over-the-counter medicine that everyone should have at home. He was answering a question by actor Vivek Oberoi who lives away from his parents, Suresh and Yashodhara Oberoi, and has been anxious about their well-being during the lockdown. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/trump-vows-to-vanquish-covid19-as-he-honors-war-dead-on-memorial-dayvideo/video-2Yb3h9yvNyZRNGRPvzfo5I.html</url>
<title>Trump vows to vanquish covid-19 as he honors war dead on Memorial Day</title>
<body >US President Donald Trump honored fallen soldiers on Memorial Day. Trump honored the nations fallen at Arlington National Cemetery. While addressing a gathering at Baltimores historic Fort McHenry, he said, Together we will vanquish the virus and America will rise from this crisis to new and even greater heights. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid-19-deaths-cross-4k-mark-in-india-who-suspends-trials-of-hcq/video-KMETQGekIBpepvZBd3nDRO.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: Deaths cross 4k mark in India, WHO suspends trials of HCQ</title>
<body >Hindustan Times National Political Editor, Sunetra Choudhury brings you the top stories you need to know. Sunetra talks about the number of covid-19 cases in India, deaths in the country due to the virus, WHOs decision to suspend trial of HCQ, spread of covid in all 3 of Delhis jails, outbreak of Banana Covid and more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-bseb-10th-result-2020-declared-at-onlinebseb-in-here-s-how-to-check/story-VxMAX1Q0Qaj7OlOE8Hx0KM.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board BSEB 10th result 2020 declared at onlinebseb.in, heres how to check</title>
<body >Bihar Board declared the Class 10 results on Tuesday. Bihar Education Minister Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma announced the result in the presence of RK Mahajan, Additional Chief Secretary, Bihar Education Department. Students who have appeared for the examination can check their results by visiting onlinebseb.in and biharboarodnline.com. The Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) Class 10 examinations were conducted from February 17 to 24, 2020 at various centers across the state. Click here to check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 on our HTResult portal Check live updates here Around 15 lakh students had registered for the Class 10 or matric examination this year. Bihar board matric result was scheduled to be declared by the end of March, but had to be delayed due to the coronavirus lockdown in the country. The result has been declared over three months after the conclusion of the exam. How to check BSEB Bihar 10th result 2020: Visit the official website at BSEB at onlinebseb.in Click on the result link flashing on the homepage that reads Bihar Board matric result 2020 Heres the direct link to check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 A login page will appear Key in your roll number, roll code, registration number Your BSEB Matric Result 2020 will be displayed on screen Download and take its print out. Click here for full coverage on Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/70-000-cases-in-15-days-tracking-the-rapid-spread-of-covid-19-across-india/story-osiFSn4uMyPhe7ycGwmAaJ.html</url>
<title>70,000 cases in 15 days: Tracking the rapid spread of Covid-19 across India</title>
<body >The rate of infection of the coronavirus disease has been increasing in the country, an analysis of the infection data by Hindustan Times Hindi language publication Hindustan shows. Nearly 7,000 cases were reported on Monday, taking the overall tally to 1,38,845. The infection has been steadily rising in Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Delhi due to which there has been an 11 per cent increase in the number of Covid-19 cases in the last two days, according to Hindustan. More than 70,000 cases have been reported in the last 15 days. Before this, it took 100 days for the infection to increase by 68,000. It took 12 days for the infection to double in Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, 14 days in Delhi and just seven in Bihar. The rate of infection in Bihar is 10.67 per cent, the highest in the country. The rate has gone down in Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat. It now takes 18 days for the infection to double in these states. India on Sunday overtook Iran to become the 10th biggest hotspot of the pathogen. If the cases keep increasing at this rate, the tally will cross 1.5 lakh in two days. New Covid-19 cases dropped to zero for the first time on Saturday in China, the country where the pandemic originated, but surged in India and ravaged South America. Experts say that in countries with weak health care systems and impoverished populations, fighting the virus has proven to be difficult. The death toll has nearly doubled in India in the last 15 days. It has gone up by eight per cent in the last two days. Nearly 41 fatalities have been reported in Maharashtra, the state worst affected by the coronavirus disease. If data from Gujarat, Madhya Pradeshm West Bengal and Delhi is included, it accounts for 82 per cent of the total fatalities in the country. Indias trajectory of Covid-19 cases appears to be tracking that of Brazil, according to analysis of latest data. Indias case count on Sunday was where Brazils infections stood about 15 days ago. The diseases doubling rate, which is defined as the average period it takes for a two-fold rise, decreased from 13.9days on May 18 - the day the cases hit 100,000 - to 13.1on Sunday. The doubling rate - which is calculated over a period of last seven days - was four days at the beginning of April. Several experts say the peak of the outbreak in India is yet to come. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 09:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-state-tally-cases-spike-in-tamil-nadu-india-crosses-another-grim-milestone/story-Y4cBAlAO0DAHS0QiePjv6K.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 state tally: Cases spike in Tamil Nadu as India crosses another grim milestone</title>
<body >In another single-day surge in Covid-19 cases, India reported fresh 6,535 coronavirus infections on Tuesday, taking the national tally to 1,45,380. The number of coronavirus fatalities in the country stands 4,167 while over 60,490 people have successfully recovered from the disease. Lakshadweep is the only state/union territory in the country which has not recorded a single Covid-19 case. Nagaland, which was untouched by the disease till now, reported three cases on Monday. Heres a look at Covid-19 state-wise tally The worst-hit states Maharashtra Covid-19 cases in Maharashtra reached 52,667-mark on Tuesday. The state has recorded 1695 deaths so far, highest in the country, while over 15,000 patients (15,786) have recovered from Covid-19. Tamil Nadu The southern state has the second-highest number of coronavirus cases in the country with 17,082 coronavirus cases so far. While 8,731 people have recovered from the disease here, 118 patients have died. Gujarat PM Narendra Modis home state has witnessed 14,460 get infected from Covid-19 till date. Gujarat has seen 6,636 people recover from coronavirus while 888 people have died. Delhi The Covid-19 tally in the national capital has jumped to 14,053. Two hundred and seventy six people have died from the infection here while 6,771 have made a recovery. Rajasthan Coronavirus cases in Rajasthan reached 7,300 on Tuesday. The state has reported 167 fatalities while 3,951 patients have recovered from the infection in the state. Madhya Pradesh As many as 6,859 people have been infected from Covid-19 in Madhya Pradesh till date. Three hundred people have died from Covid-19 in the state while 3,571 have recovered. Uttar Pradesh The number of Covid-19 positive cases have jumped to 6,532 in Uttar Pradesh. While 3,581 people have recovered from coronavirus in Uttar Pradesh, 165 have died from the infection here. Situation in other states In West Bengal, coronavirus cases have crossed the 3,500-mark and are rapidly rising. The number of infected cases in West Bengal reached 3,816 on Monday. There have been 278 deaths and 1,414 recoveries in the state. States with under 3,000 coronavirus cases include Telangana, Odisha, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Haryana and Bihar. With 847 Covid-19 cases, Kerala has under 1,000 cases of coronavirus infections. Jharkhand, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Tripura have reported under 500 Covid-19 cases while Goa, Puducherry, Meghalaya and Manipur have less than 100 Covid-19 cases. Union territory of Dadra Nagar Haveli has reported two cases of Covid-19. All coronavirus patients in Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Mizoram have recovered. Arunachal Pradesh has two Covid-19 patients and one of them has recovered. Note: Figures are from official data released by the Ministry of Health, and may differ from realtime numbers released by various state governments subject to confirmation from the Centre. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 09:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-what-you-need-to-know-today/story-mgVAv0kBJHD5e7hqx7zB4J.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: What you need to know today</title>
<body >The past four weeks have not been kind to India. Between April 27 and May 24, India saw 78% of its coronavirus disease cases, and 78% of its deaths. According to the HT dashboard, the number of cases and deaths were 138,474 and 3,949 respectively on Sunday night. In the first of the four weeks, India added 14,540 cases and saw 516 deaths for an average of 2,077 cases a day and 74 deaths. In the second, it added 24,558 cases and saw 747 deaths. The per-day averages were 3,508 and 107. In the third week, the numbers were 28,571 and 812, and the averages 4,082 cases and 116 deaths a day. And in the fourth week, India added 40,480 cases and saw 998 deaths, translating into averages of 5,783 cases and 143 deaths a day. Ive previously written about the lag in reporting both cases and deaths, but the numbers are indicative of the general trend. Follow latest updates on coronavirus here Sure, the ongoing lockdown (which is tapering down) has helped reduce the number of cases; the growth rates of both cases and deaths are nowhere close to what they are in some of the worst-affected countries; and the case fatality rate, at 2.85%, is well below the worlds 6.32% (in Indias case, this number, as well as the recovery rate, have been improving over the weeks, a fact repeatedly pointed out in this column); but India should still be worried about the four-week trend. Experts say (and the data bears out) that India is yet to witness the peak of the Covid-19 pandemic, but thats merely restating a fact that has been clear for a long time. Whats important now is that the country not fritter away the gains of the lockdown. The fact that fatality rates are decreasing and recovery rates increasing is an indicator that we arent  at least, not for now  but the challenge is to stay on the trajectory. Indias containment strategy seems to have ensured that the number of cases didnt show the kind of sharp increase it did in countries such as Italy, Spain, and the US, overwhelming the health systems. It flattened the curve in that it reduced what in geometry is referred to as its slope, but didnt flatten it to the extent that the curve started to dip. Click here for complete coronavirus coverage Now, the countrys mitigation strategy needs to kick in. There are worrying signs there, as I wrote in the column yesterday. Hospitals in Mumbai (a total of 31,972 cases as of Sunday night, about 22% of Indias total), are struggling to cope with the high volume of cases. Delhi would appear to have learnt from Mumbais troubles; on Sunday, it earmarked more beds for Covid-19 patients in public as well as private hospitals in the city. It may not need them  while the number of daily cases in the Capital continues to rise (635 on Monday), most of the cases are mild, and do not require hospitalisation  but it needs to be prepared. Also read: Mixing patients may worsen Covid-19 spread, warn private hospitals Part of the mitigation will also require state and district administrations to follow the Indian Council of Medical Researchs guideline on weekly random testing to be carried out in every district in the country. As India opens up, this system, if followed, can serve as an early warning system, red-flagging potential hotspots. And part of the mitigation will require the central governments and state governments to protect the most vulnerable population  people over the age of 65. It is surprising that travel advisories  air and rail services have both resumed  are silent on senior citizens. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-10th-result-2020-80-59-pass-the-bseb-matric-examination/story-pm49tYBvrcJkqtwRJ3dSQL.html</url>
<title>Bihar 10th Result 2020: 80.59% pass BSEB matric examination</title>
<body >The Class 10th or matric exam 2020 result of the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) was announced on Tuesday in which 80.59% of students have passed. This year 14,94,071 candidates appeared in the examination, out of which 7,29,213 were boys and 7,64,858 were girls. Bihar Education Minister Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma on Tuesday announced the results of the Bihar Board class 10 examination 2020. RK Mahajan, Additional Chief Secretary, Bihar Education Department along with the BSEB chairman Anand Kishor were also present when the results of BSEB matric exams was declared . A total of  12, 04,030  students passed the BSEB matric exam in which   5,90,545  are boys and  6,13,485   girls. The BSEB conducted the class 10 board exam between February 17 to 24. across 1368 examination centres. In view of the Covid-19 lockdown, the board had to stop the evaluation of answersheet midway. The evaluation process was resumed on May 6 and was completed last week. Bihar Board declared the results of the BSEB class 12 exam 2020 on March 24, 2020. Last year, there was an increase in the pass percentage, which reached 80.73% from 68.89% in 2018. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-toppers-list-himanshu-raj-of-rohtas-tops-check-merit-list/story-6wNGGSefdCD4nUmuaRW6AP.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Toppers List: Himanshu Raj of Rohtas tops, check merit list</title>
<body >Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Topper List:  Himanshu Raj of Janta High School Tenyaj, Rohtas has topped the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) Class 10th or matric examination 2020. He has scored  481 marks out of 500 which is 96.20%. The pass percentage this year is  80.59  %. This year 14,94,071 candidates appeared in the BSEB matriculation examination, out of which 7,29,213 were boys and 7,64,858 were girls. Bihar Education Minister Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma on Tuesday declared the results of the BSEB class 10 board examination 2020. Along with the minister, RK Mahajan, Additional Chief Secretary, Bihar Education Department along with the BSEB chairman Anand Kishor were also present. A total of 12, 04,030 passed the Bihar Board class 10 examination 2020  in which 6,13,485  are girls and 5,90,545 boys. In the Bihar Board class 10 results announced on Tuesday, 4,03,392 students have secured the first division, 5,24,217 second division, and 2,75,402 got third division. The number of students who have failed in the BSEB Matric examination this year is 2,89, 692. However, the results of 4 students are still pending. Check Merit list: The Bihar Board Class 10 result 2020 can be checked at onlinebseb.in  and biharboardonline.com. Heres how to Check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Log on to any of the websites mentioned above Click on the link for BSEB Class 10 Results 2020 Key in your credentials Your BSEB 10th examination results will be displayed on the screen Download and take a print out for future reference </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-bihar-board-10th-result-2020-at-hindustan-times-here-s-direct-link-to-check-bihar-board-result/story-LS7OZu9GPd06eqCk5R5snJ.html</url>
<title>BSEB Bihar Board 10th result 2020 at Hindustan Times, heres direct link to check Bihar board result</title>
<body >If students are facing difficulty in checking their Bihar Board Class 10 or matric result, they can do so directly by visiting hindustantimes.com. The Bihar board result website is running slow due to heavy traffic. Students can alternatively check their results by clicking here. Also Read: Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Toppers List: Himanshu Raj of Rohtas tops, check merit list The Bihar Board Class 10 examinations 2020 were conducted from February 17 to 24, 2020 at 1368 centers spread across the state. Also Read: Bihar 10th Result 2020: 80.59% pass BSEB matric examination Bihar Education Minister Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma declared the Bihar Board 10th result on Tuesday in presence of RK Mahajan, Additional Chief Secretary, Bihar Education Department. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor was also present when BSEB class 10 board exams result was declared. How to check results: 1. Visit the Hindustan Timess website 2. On the home page, click on the Education tab 3. On the Education Page, go to the Exam Results and select the Bihar Board tab 4. Click on the link that reads, bihar board 10th result 5. A new page will appear on the display screen 6. Key in your roll code and roll number and submit 7. The BSEB Class 10 board result 2020 will appear on the display screen. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/step-inside-kylie-jenner-s-rs-272-crore-la-mansion-it-s-the-most-luxurious-home-you-ve-ever-seen/story-0Qrqal421shhiqAu5olNqN.html</url>
<title>Step inside Kylie Jenners Rs 272 crore LAmansion, its the most luxurious home youve ever seen</title>
<body >Makeup mogul and reality television star Kylie Jenner loves splurging on expensive and stylish things, whether its handbags, high heels or even luxurious condos. The youngest self-made billionaire in the world, she has recently bought a $36 million (Rs 272 crore) home in Los Angeles where she is spending the lockdown with her daughter Stormi. The resort mansion is located in Holmby Hills neighbourhood of Los Angeles. The purchase was first reported by TMZ.com. The property spreads over 15,350 square feet of living space  and includes seven bedrooms, and 14 bathrooms. Theres outdoor projection screen for movie nights under a clear sky and also an indoor home theatre when its not so clear. There is a bar and game room, a gym, and a tennis court too where Kylie has already had a photoshoot. She is most often seen posing by the stunning rectangular pool decked with tall palm trees on its circumference.  There are also nine covered spaces for Jenners cars, as well as an additional 20 parking places. Kylie has been sharing daily pictures from her new home on Instagram to her 177 million followers. Check them out: Recently, she donated $1 million to fight against the Covid-19 outbreak. Dr Thais Aliabadi shared the same in an Instagram post on Wednesday, One of my patients, a beautiful Living Angel just donated $1,000,000 to help us buy hundreds of thousands of masks, face shields, and other protective gear which we will have delivered directly to our first responders, as too many masks at hospitals are disappearing before making their way onto the faces of our front line heroes. A representative for Jenner confirmed that the 22-year-old star has made the contribution, and said, I can confirm that she did make the donation. Kylie reciprocated the doctors kind words by replying to Dr Aliabadis thank-you post, she wrote, I love you! and thank YOU for all the love and care you put into everything that you do! Youre an angel on earth. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch In April, she was crowned the youngest self-made billionaire in the world for the second year in a row. Forbes released the annual Worlds Billionaires list, and Jenner remains the youngest self-made billionaire.  Jenner first made it onto the billionaires list in March 2019, then further cemented her spot in November, when she agreed to sell 51 per cent of her Kylie Cosmetics to beauty giant Coty Inc. for $600 million. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/3-time-wwe-world-champion-to-have-retirement-ceremony-next-week-on-raw/story-7SRZ07woxPkMQCeryQROkI.html</url>
<title>3-time WWE world champion to have retirement ceremony next week on Raw</title>
<body >The stars of the Attitude and Ruthless Aggression Era are slowly and gradually taking a back seat in the WWE. Several superstars are still wrestling but most have retired or are on the verge of retirement. The likes of Stone Cold Steve Austin, The Rock, Shawn Michaels, Batista are not actively wrestling while Kane, The Undertaker, Triple H, Edge, or John Cena are getting back to the ring only sporadically. Now it looks like another wrestling legend is retiring soon. It has now been announced 3-time WWE world champion Rey Mysterio will have a retirement ceremony next week on Monday Night Raw. Mysterio has been out of action since May 11 when he suffered an eye injury after Seth Rollins attacked him. He was also a participant in the Money in the Bank suitcase match. READ | Otis reveals how he is going to cash-in the Money in the Bank contract BREAKING: Next week on #WWERaw, @reymysterio will have his retirement ceremony. pic.twitter.com/Iibkx11xK3 WWE (@WWE) May 26, 2020 BREAKING: Next week on #WWERaw, @reymysterio will have his retirement ceremony. pic.twitter.com/Iibkx11xK3 It was reported that Mysterio had suffered a serious injury and it could be leading to his retirement. The fans are however skeptical of the announcement. Rey Mysterios injury status is still listed as critical. Doctors cannot properly assess the damage to his retina until the swelling subsides, as Rey is currently at-risk for infection. Mysterio suffered an eye injury when Seth Rollins grinded his face into the corner of the steel ring steps, WWE said in a statement on May 13. Mysterio returned to the WWE in 2018 after several years out. Despite being 45-years-old, the spring in Mysterios step is still there. The Master of 619 is still one of the biggest highflyers in the squared circle and his matches against Andrade are still remembered fondly by the WWE Universe. 5 ft 6 in Mysterio is a revolutionary wrestler after overcoming big odds to become a WWE champion in the land of giants. If he is indeed retiring then Mysterio deserves a big send-off. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/41-flights-with-4-224-fliers-operate-from-mumbai-airport-on-day-2-day-of-resumption-of-air-services/story-eU5CwlEgp8cTvFb4eTdXsN.html</url>
<title>44 flights with 4,224 fliers operate from Mumbai airport on Day 2 day of resumption of air services</title>
<body >Forty-four flights operated with 4,224 passengers from the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (CSMIA) on Tuesday, day 2 of resumption of air services.On Wednesday, the airport scheduled 50 flights for operations. The airport saw 25 departures [3,114 passengers] and 19 arrivals [1,110] operated by six airlines, a Mumbai International Airport Ltd (MIAL) spokesperson said. According to MIAL, the highest passenger load capacity at Mumbai airport was seen on the Mumbai- Delhi route. Smooth operations of domestic civil aviation. Our airports have handled 325 departures  283 arrivals with 41,673 passengers till 5pm on 26 May 2020, the 2nd day after recommencement of domestic flights. Final report for the day will be prepared after details come in at midnight, tweeted aviation minister Hardeep Singh Puri. The first flight departed from CSMIA at 6.30am to Ranchi, while the first flight arrived at 8.20am from Lucknow. While IniGo operated 20 flights, SpiceJet operated 10 flights, Air Asia, Air India and Vistara operated four flights each and Alliance Air operated two flights. According to airport officials, the passenger flow was smooth on Tuesday unlike Monday when many passengers had to return home after learning about their flight cancellations only after reaching terminal 2 (T2) of CSMIA. MIAL spokesperson said that flights operated with around 65% occupancy. The situation at Mumbai airport on Tuesday was much better as compared to Monday. All the flights which were scheduled to operate from Mumbai operated with 60% to 65% occupancy. The Maharashtra government has also introduced some relaxations, with the quarantine period for passengers arriving to the city being reduced to seven days instead of 14. This will boost air travel in the coming days, said the spokesperson A Dehradrun bound IndiGo passenger said, Apart from having smooth flight journey, my experience at Mumbai airport was commendable, as the authorities have done a great job and are ensuring that all the norms are being followed by the passengers. . </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-what-you-need-to-know-today/story-8pUYrmSWG4FclZoW3iGNFL.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: What you need to know today</title>
<body >On Monday, schools in Australias New South Wales province officially reopened, signalling a return to normal that the country, which has seen around 7,100 coronavirus disease cases and 102 deaths, hopes to achieve in stages by July. On Tuesday, two private schools in Sydney, the states biggest and most important city, closed after a student tested positive in each; both schools had already opened last week after the state decided it was alright to do so because the number of cases was declining. To be sure, the response to the schools having to close so soon after opening (and, hopefully, temporarily) has been just what it should be  even, non-hysterical, and pragmatic. The states education minister said school closures brought about by students testing positive were something we are going to have to live with, according to a report in The Guardian. Four other Australian states, including Queensland, have also resumed face-to-face schooling (as it is now called; another coinage necessitated by the pandemic). On Monday, news agency AP reported Queenslands premier Annastacia Palaszczuk as saying that we have to take each day as it comes. Somehow theres nothing that quite signals a return to normal as well as children attending school does  as parents can vouch, it changes the entire rhythm of households in the morning (and not always for the better, but thats another story). Denmark reopened schools in April. Japan opened some in May, as did Korea. Even China reopened schools in Wuhan, where it all began, in May. There are reports that India plans to reopen schools in July, at least for some classes. Thats the beginning of the term in some parts of the country (including Delhi). Schools reopen earlier in other parts of the country; in Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, for instance, the school term starts in June, but given the disease burden in these states (Maharashtra has the highest and Tamil Nadu the second-highest number of Covid-19 cases in the country) that seems unlikely. Still, open they will all have to at some time. Online education privileges the privileged and excludes others. Schools and classrooms try to provide as level a playing field as they can (many fail, and that, too, is another story). Sure, interventions are possible; the state can provide devices (tablets or laptop computers) but it cannot ensure that all students are in an environment that is conducive to learning. Schools, good old-fashioned brick-and-mortar schools, with face-to-face schooling, are still the best way to do that. What does science say on pandemics and school closures? A review of epidemiological studies published in BMJ suggests that closing schools does seem to reduce the transmission of influenza. While the coronavirus disease is not the flu, it can be safely assumed that school closure will reduce its transmission too. However, theres still no authoritative research on the role of children as transmitters of the coronavirus disease. There are papers suggesting that they dont get infected much; do not show symptoms even if they are; and are not as contagious as adults who are infected  but none of these are established facts as yet. These are important questions to answer  especially knowing that older people are more vulnerable to Covid-19, and that many children in India still continue to live in joint families, or in nuclear families with at least one parent of a parent being a member of the household. And these are just some of the variables administrators and policymakers will have to factor in while taking a call on how and when schools should be reopened. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 01:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/rana-kapoor-used-yes-bank-for-illegal-activities-says-ed/story-ItZP1GzWo2iRWiKVfIl7jN.html</url>
<title>Rana Kapoor used YES Bank for illegal activities, says ED</title>
<body >Former YES Bank managing director and chief executive officer Rana Kapoor used the lender as his personal fiefdom to carry out illegal activities and was the architect of a financial fraud aimed at creating wealth for himself and his family, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) claimed in a charge sheet filed against the co-founder. The 62-year-old former banker, the first MD-CEO rank executive of a private bank to be charge-sheeted for suspected money laundering, was accused of impropriety, illegality and rampant misuse of power in what the central agency described as the hallmark of a scam that had been brewing for many years. Practices followed by the YES Bank under Kapoors regime promoted a poor credit and compliance culture, centralisation of power and lack of institutionalisation, putting it in a situation where its survival came into question, said the document filed on May 6, a copy of which has been reviewed by Hindustan Times.YES Bank had assumed a very large exposure (relative to its net worth) to many entities that were facing significant stress and liquidity, it said. Contacted over the phone, Kapoors lawyer Subhash Jadhav refused to comment on the charge sheet. Kapoor was arrested on March 8 in connection with the illegalities at YES Bank during his stint as the head of the lender. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) slapped a moratorium on the bank and superseded its governing board the same month, and co-opted State Bank of India (SBI), the nations largest lender, to rescue it. The ED, which investigates money laundering offences, has claimed that during his tenure, Kapoor was instrumental in sanctioning loans worth 30,000 crore, out of which accounts worth 20,000 crore turned into a non-performing asset. Kapoor, it has been alleged, accepted illegal gratification while granting loans and money was diverted through these companies. A Mumbai court took cognisance of EDs chargesheet on Saturday, summoning Kapoor, his wife and daughters in the case of money laundering on June 5. The ED charged that Rana Kapoor, who co-founded the bank in 2004 and was MD-CEO till January 2019, had acted as the prima donna, chief conspirator and the architect of a scam aimed at diverting public money to create wealth for himself and his family. Rana Kapoor perpetrated the entire scam by firstly taking money out of YES Bank under the garb of debentures and loans, by abusing his position in the bank and secondly, receiving kickbacks/gratification for the same, the ED charge sheet said. The agency has pegged the proceeds of crime at 5,050 crore. But it is a complex case of financial fraud with a web of interlinked transactions and entities and the quid pro quo will come to light only after thorough investigations, it said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 06:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kaam-toh-hota-rahega-people-s-safety-is-very-important-vicky/story-UNS5hbXyZWeaVyjvTLoD6H.html</url>
<title>Kaam toh hota rahega, peoples safety is very important: Vicky Kaushal</title>
<body >India has been on a pause mode since March. So, it goes without saying that things -- be it personal or professional -- came to a screeching halt the moment the lockdown came into force. The same holds true for the film industry as well. And while some actors-filmmakers miss being on the sets, others feel we should rather wait and watch (before commencing work).         View this post on Instagram           My response to handshakes and high fives. A post shared by  Vicky Kaushal (@vickykaushal09) on May 26, 2020 at 3:09am PDT My response to handshakes and high fives. A post shared by  Vicky Kaushal (@vickykaushal09) on May 26, 2020 at 3:09am PDT Vicky Kaushal, for one, is missing work but at the same time, yearns for things to move towards normalcy. As he puts it: Kaam toh hota rahega, logon ki safety pehle important hai (work will keep happening. Peoples safety has to be the first priority), says the Uri: The Surgical Strike (2019) actor, adding that like any other actor, he too would love to be back at work, since its something that is closest to my heart. Kaushal adds: Of course, as an actor, I want to be on sets but at the same time, I feel we also have to think about the larger issue at hand. He had wrapped up his next, Shoojit Sircars Sardar Udham Singh before lockdown was announced. That way, I am very happy that theres no film of mine which is stuck in-between, says the Raazi actor, who was set to start shooting for Karan Johars multi-starrer magnum opus, Takht in March.         View this post on Instagram           Kabhi din ki shuruat horseback par hoti thi... aaj kal throwback par ho rahi hai! . #majormissing @amateurridersclub A post shared by  Vicky Kaushal (@vickykaushal09) on May 23, 2020 at 2:21am PDT Kabhi din ki shuruat horseback par hoti thi... aaj kal throwback par ho rahi hai! . #majormissing @amateurridersclub A post shared by  Vicky Kaushal (@vickykaushal09) on May 23, 2020 at 2:21am PDT In the meantime, during the lockdown, Kaushal celebrated his 32nd birthday on May 16 within the confines of his Andheri home. There was no big bash or anything. Ghar pe hi cake banaya humne, but it was possibly the best birthday Ive had in a long time, with just my parents and brother (actor Sunny Kaushal). We didnt do anything ostentatious but it was an extremely special birthday, wherein I had all the time to spend with my loved ones, says Kaushal, who hasnt stepped out of house for over two months now </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 01:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/pinjra-tod-activists-presented-in-court/story-LIwR4wLrp4wzH0SH0HX5rO.html</url>
<title>Pinjra Tod activists presented in court</title>
<body >Pinjra Tod activists Natasha Narwal and Devangana Kalita were produced before a duty magistrate inside the Mandoli jail on Tuesday. Police produced the two after questioning them on Sunday and Monday for their alleged role in the violence during the north-east Delhi riots. Their counsel said she had information that the court sent the two women to another two days of police custody but was yet to get copy of the order. The womens organisation released a statement on social media confirming that their two members were sent to two more days of police custody. After the two women got bail on Sunday in another case related to holding unlawful protest, the police arrested them  again. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 01:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-australia-to-sign-pact-at-virtual-summit/story-E7bMfB8uYTyFMqb3MhlG4I.html</url>
<title>India, Australia to sign pact at virtual summit</title>
<body >New Delhi: India and Australia are expected to make bilateral diplomatic history by signing an agreement for reciprocal access to military logistics facilities and other pacts aimed at developing alternative supply chains when the two sides hold their first virtual summit on June 4. The summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart Scott Morrison, yet to be formally announced, will be held against the backdrop of heightened friction with China for both countries. It will be Modis first virtual bilateral summit and the first time several bilateral agreements will be concluded virtually since the Covid-19 outbreak, two people familiar with development said. The Mutual Logistics Support Agreement (MLSA), finalised at the 2+2 or combined dialogue of the foreign and defence secretaries in New Delhi last December, was to be signed during Morrisons visit in January, which was called off due to the Australian bushfires. With joint exercises and defence cooperation between India and Australia on the upswing, MLSA will remove the need for protracted negotiations for reciprocal access to logistics support every time a manoeuvre is organised, the people cited above said on condition of anonymity. It will also improve interoperability between the armed forces of the two sides. Between 2016 and 2019, India has signed similar logistics exchange agreements with the US, Singapore, France and South Korea. While the conclusion of MLSA is significant as the two sides have been negotiating it for some time, there is greater buzz about agreements to be signed in science and technology, research, pharmaceuticals and medical equipment, and rare earth metals and critical minerals which are aimed at creating supply chains in strategic areas that are less dependent on China, the people said. Even before the Covid-19 crisis, the two sides were exploring the possibility of cooperating on rare earth metals such as lithium, neodymium and dysprosium, of which Australia has the worlds sixth largest reserves. More than 90% of Indias imports of rare earth metals, worth $3.4 million in 2016, come from China. The two sides will also look at enhancing their partnership in education as part of measures to shift the focus of Australian universities on the Chinese market, the people said. Prior to the Covid-19 crisis, Australia was home to some 90,000 Indian students. Were also looking at agreements in the maritime sphere and water resources and negotiations are underway on some other issues. Research and collaboration on Covid-19 will also figure in the discussions, said one of the people cited above. Morrison has described India as a natural partner for Australia, and Australian high commissioner Barry OFarrell has said the two sides have had regular discussions about how they can shape the post-Covid world order. In this context, OFarrell said Australia supports Indias call for reforming the World Health Organization (WHO) after overcoming the Covid-19 crisis. While tensions between India and China are at a high following the standoff between their border troops in Ladakh, Australias relations with China too took a hit after Canberra called for an independent investigation into the origins of the Covid-19 pandemic. Nitin Pai, director of the Takshashila Institution, said it made absolute economic sense for India and Australia to reduce the risk of their exposure to China even if the two countries were not grappling with tensions with China and the Covid-19 crisis. It makes a lot of sense to find a diversity of suppliers on one hand, and to find a diversity of customers for products on the other, he said, adding the existing geopolitical risks, the pandemic, and travel restrictions make it vital not to put all eggs in one basket and to build a diversity of economic partnerships. On Tuesday, defence minister Rajnath Singh tweeted that he had spoken on telephone with his Australian counterpart Linda Reynolds and discussed the response of both sides to the Covid-19 pandemic and possible areas of cooperation. India-Australia strategic partnership provides a good base for both the countries to work together in dealing with the post COVID challenges. We are committed to take forward the initiatives of bilateral defence and security cooperation under the Strategic Partnership framework, Singh added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 00:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/apni-party-led-new-advisory-council-likely-in-j-k/story-nKsq46Tqxep85IUdTiKheO.html</url>
<title>Apni Party-led new advisory council likely in JK</title>
<body >Speculations are rife in Jammu and Kashmir about the Centre setting up an advisory council led by Altaf Bukhari in early June as an alternative political front. Apni Party leaders, however, said they discussed the matter last at the March meeting of the party leadership with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union home minister Amit Shah to test political waters before Covid-19 struck. Its not clear whether it is going to take shape or not. The top leaders of Apni Party, including Altaf Bukhari, are silent on the new advisory council, but the leaders who met both the Prime Minister and home minister in New Delhi in March said that the prospect of an interim government was discussed at the time. Political activities came to standstill after a lockdown was enforced across the country, including JK, to slow the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid19). A senior Apni Party leader and former legislator who was part of the delegation that met Modi and Shah in March confirmed that the prospect of setting up an interim government in JK before the elections was discussed. This could be on the table as an option in New Delhi, but council members taking an oath in the first week of June is just a rumour, the former PDP leader said, adding that New Delhi now feels that bureaucrats have failed miserably in JK and that an advisory council led by a senior politician could help remedy the situation. This time, there is a political vacuum in JK and many leaders in New Delhi think that new leadership could act as a buffer between JK and New Delhi, as Delhi is being blamed for everything wrong in Kashmir and there is visible anger on ground, he said. Another former legislator who resigned from the Congress and joined the Altaf Bukhari-led Apni Party said that it was ambiguous whether the interim setup discussed between the Apni Party leadership and New Delhi had been cleared by the Centre, as everyone was now busy fighting the Covid-19 pandemic. He, however, added that speculations could be true. Under the Union Territory (UT) model of Pondicherry, the President of India has powers to appoint a council which can function in a UT. That can be the case for our UT as well. BJP state spokesman Altaf Thakur termed this a mere rumour spread by politicians. There is no provision in the constitution which allows the setting up of any advisory council in the UT, he said, adding that those who are being tipped to be part of the new advisory council have themselves denied it. JK Pradesh Congress president Ghulam Ahmad Mir said that BJP government had taken several unconstitutional and undemocratic steps in the last one year and bifurcated the state into small pieces. We can expect anything from them, but the 12.5 million people of JK have not endorsed that decision and wont endorse this as well. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 00:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/horoscope-today-astrological-prediction-for-may-26-what-s-in-store-for-taurus-leo-virgo-scorpio-and-other-zodiac-signs/story-qszsSNb3oLWIGDRl88q24M.html</url>
<title>Horoscope Today: Astrological prediction for May 26, whats in store for Taurus, Leo, Virgo, Scorpio and other zodiac signs</title>
<body >The 12 signs in the zodiac calendar have their own traits that define a person. The positions of the sun and the planets decide how the day will look for us. Hence we think it might be helpful if you started your day by knowing what s going to come your way? Go on and find out if the odds are in your favour today: Aries (March 21-April 20) Be careful, as chance of contracting some infection appears likely. Something concrete gets done in a property matter. Academic performance is set to improve by your dint of hard work. Money comes to you from various sources and keep the coffers brimming. Praise is in store for you on the professional front in recognition of your sterling performance. Love Focus: Spouse may need emotional support, so be there for him or her. Lucky Colour: Violet Lucky Alphabet: M Friendly Numbers: 2, 11, 17 Friendly Zodiac Today: Sagittarius  Libra Be careful of: Leo Taurus (April 21-May 20) Good returns from property can be expected and will add to your wealth. Chances of bagging a scholarship also cannot be ruled out. Financial front remains healthy as wealth comes to you steadily. Time is ticking and you still have a lot of do, so get after whatever is pending. Acting on some health tips will help you in achieving total fitness. Fun time with friends or relations is foreseen. Love Focus: A marriage proposal is likely for the eligible. Lucky Colour: Light Red Lucky Alphabet: B Friendly Numbers: 4, 11, 18 Friendly Zodiac Today: Virgo  Scorpio Be careful of: Cancer Gemini (May 21-June 21) A family gathering may give you an opportunity to meet people of your generation. Some positive developments on the property front are foreseen. Some recognition is in store for those in the academic field. Some of you may have to resort to cutting corners to repay a loan. Good going is foreseen for those who have taken up a new job recently. Your resolve to keep fit will show positive results. Love Focus: Those in love will find time to be with lover. Lucky Colour: White Lucky Alphabet: K Friendly Numbers: 7, 14, 21 Friendly Zodiac Today: Pisces  Leo Be careful of: Aries Cancer (June 22-July 22) Regular eating habits and an active life will find you in perfect fitness. Someone in the family is likely to venture out on his or her own, so extend full support. Builders and property dealers can find the day profitable. Monetary front remains stable and allow you to put aside some money for emergency. Marketing personnel will be able to achieve what they set out for. Love Focus: Romantic feelings will be readily reciprocated by the one you love. Lucky Colour: White Lucky Alphabet: Y Friendly Numbers: 7, 9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Libra  Scorpio Be careful of: Virgo Leo (July 23-August 23) Academicians will be able to proceed satisfactorily in their field of work. A home loan is likely to bring you a step closer to owning your dream home. Judicious spending will keep your financial front intact. An achievement on the professional front is likely to add to your reputation. Perfect fitness will remain your aim and you will achieve it. Someones arrival will be a great source of joy to you on the family front. Love Focus: You are likely to turn your focus on an ex-flame and rejuvenate your love life. Lucky Colour: Dark yellow Lucky Alphabet: Y Friendly Numbers: 10, 12 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Virgo Be careful of: Sagittarius Virgo (August 24-September 23) You are likely to reminisce about the last concluded trip. Possession of property can be expected soon, as you manage to settle all the dues. Those lagging behind on the academic front will succeed in catching up. Financially, you are likely to go from strength to strength. Your professional competence may get you amongst the top few in your organisation. You will feel mentally unburdened and happy about your health. Academic performance of a child or sibling is likely to make you proud. Love Focus: Those in love would crave to meet each other to spend time together. Lucky Colour: Bottle Green Lucky Alphabet: D Friendly Numbers: 9, 6, 3 Friendly Zodiac Today: Gemini  Scorpio Be careful of: Taurus Libra (September 24-October 23) Getting possession of a flat or plot may take some time. You will be able to cover much ground on the academic front. Spotlight may be on you on the social front. Good judgement will help you add to your wealth. Tie things up properly at work, if you are taking a break. Perfect health is assured, as you remain regular in your workouts. Family is likely to support your ideas and help in transforming your dreams into reality. Love Focus: Those in love are likely to enjoy togetherness. Lucky Colour: Brown Lucky Alphabet: H Friendly Numbers: 11, 22 Friendly Zodiac Today: Capricorn  Sagittarius Be careful of: Cancer Scorpio (October 24-November 22) Organising a family time is on the cards, so expect an exciting time with your near and dear ones. Gains are foreseen for property owners in the real estate market. Those in need of financial help will get lucky. On the professional front, you will do well to refurbish your professional image to attract better clientele. Keeping fit may become your mantra to begin indulging in healthy activities. Love Focus: Keep romance on the backburner on this professionally happening day! Lucky Colour: Dark Yellow Lucky Alphabet: J Friendly Numbers: 3, 12 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Libra Be careful of: Leo Sagittarius (November 23-December 21) Something that you have started on the health front will help keep you fit. Property issues will be decided in your favor. A project that is nearing a deadline will be submitted in time on the academic front. You will have the resources to repay a loan. Doctors, engineers and other professionals can expect a satisfying day, both professionally and monetarily. Love Focus: An evening out with lover is indicated for some. Lucky Colour: Crimson Lucky Alphabet: P Friendly Numbers: 9, 27 Friendly Zodiac Today: Capricorn  Libra Be careful of: Taurus Capricorn (December 22-January 21) Marriage is likely to be fixed of someone eligible in the family, so expect feverish activity to take place at home! Investing in property is likely to give good returns. Interest that was waning on the academic front is likely to be restored. You are likely to get a good price for a rented accommodation. You will manage a position where you call the shots on the professional front. Health remains good, as you make efforts to remain fit. Love Focus: There is a likelihood of love blossoming for some. Lucky Colour: Violet Lucky Alphabet: A Friendly Numbers: 11, 13 Friendly Zodiac Today: Sagittarius  Libra Be careful of: Scorpio Aquarius (January 22-February 19) Family will be most supportive and help you achieve your aim. You are likely to get an offer on the property front that you just cannot refuse. You are likely to bounce back on the academic front and show an improved performance. A change of job is set to have a positive affect on your finances. Additional authority will be your reward for your contribution to the organisation you work for. Those unwell can expect to make quick recovery. Love Focus: Lovers suggestions can increase your anticipation of having a good time! Lucky Colour: Beige Lucky Alphabet: E Friendly Numbers: 8, 16 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Scorpio Be careful of: Gemini Pisces (February 20-March 20) Getting rid of a health problem by taking recourse to alternative medicine is indicated. A windfall may materialise for those planning to sell their property. Students are likely to benefit from a new learning technique. Some of you are likely to increase your earning capacity. This is the day to complete the work you had been postponing for long. Love Focus: Heart-to-heart talk will bring you closer to the one you love. Lucky Colour: Dark Red Lucky Alphabet: N Friendly Numbers: 9, 18 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Capricorn Be careful of: Sagittarius The astrologer can be contacted at psharma@premastrologer.com or support@askmanisha.com. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 06:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/killing-insects-before-monsoon-crucial-to-halting-second-wave/story-tNOfgjVLw3XnTPc6GHPhEO.html</url>
<title>Killing insects before monsoon crucial to halting second wave of locust swarms</title>
<body > Officials in three states are racing to control the desert locust swarms that have now spread to three states, adding to the logistical challenges of district officials at a time when containing the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) has been the top-most priority. State and federal agencies need to eliminate as much of these locusts as possible prior to the arrival of monsoon, the point when the swarms could go through another round of breeding and turn into a bigger threat, said the Locust Warning Organisation under the Union agriculture ministry. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage If we are not able to control the sub-adults (the swarms that are already in MP and Rajasthan) they will grow into adults come back to the summer breeding sites along the Indo-Pak border in the desert. If there is good rainfall, moisture will make it conducive for egg laying in sandy soil. We may have to face a second generation of desert locusts then. If they are not controlled in hopper stage, then they turn into swarms that will again pose a challenge for us, said KL Gurjar, deputy director, directorate of Plant Protection Quarantine and Storage, LWO. Also read: Locusts- The invasion of the food snatchers The Food and Agriculture Organisations (FAO) situation update dated May 21 said spring breeding continues in southern Iran and southwest Pakistan where control operations are in progress against hopper groups and bands. As vegetation dries out, more groups and swarms will form and move from these areas to the summer breeding areas along both sides of the Indo-Pakistan border as several waves from now until at least early July. Good rains are predicted during the first half of June along the Indo-Pakistan border that would allow egg-laying to occur. FAOs forecast maps also show summer breeding in India and Pakistan in June. There is also a possibility that they enter India directly from the Horn of Africa in July by crossing the sea with the help of winds. The situation is being continuously monitored, added Gurjar. According to FAO, favourable conditions for their breeding are moist sandy or sand/clay soil to depths of 10-15 cm below the surface, some bare areas for egg-laying, and green vegetation for hopper development. The LWO has a ground team of 50 people mainly to monitor and track the swarms. Drones are being used for aerial spraying of Malathion 96, an organophosphate insecticide and a potentially toxic chemical for non-cropped areas. For areas with agriculture, chlorpyrifos is sprayed by drones, fire brigades and tractor mounted sprays. Farmers are trying to disperse them by making noise which is not very effective but can help. Spraying takes place very early in the morning before they start moving again. . According to some assessments, the locust outbreak this time is linked to climate change. The World Meteorological Organisation earlier this year said unusually heavy rain in late 2019 was a factor in the severe desert locust outbreak in the Horn of Africa region. The outbreak was the worst in over 25 years, and the most serious in 70 years for Kenya. This is expected to spread further by June 2020 in a severe threat to food security. Originally, the locusts began migrating from the Horn of Africa last year. They migrated from the Middle East to Iran, Pakistan and then into India. The outbreak started after warm waters in the western Indian Ocean in late 2019 fuelled heavy amounts of rains over east Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. These warm waters were caused by the phenomenon called the Indian Ocean Dipolewith warmer than usual waters to its west, and cooler waters to its east. Rising temperatures due to global warming amplified the dipole and made the western Indian Ocean particularly warm. Heavy rain triggers the growth of vegetation in arid areas where desert locusts can then grow and breed. These locusts which migrated to India early this year might have found greener pastures as the pre-monsoon rains during MarchMay were in excess over north India this year, said Roxy Mathew Koll, climate scientist at Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/mixing-patients-may-worsen-covid-spread-warn-private-hospitals/story-OGOK0SpRrWVS352asbDihN.html</url>
<title>Mixing patients may worsen Covid-19 spread, warn private hospitals</title>
<body >Reserving beds for Covid-19 patients in hospitals treating people with other ailments might lead to a further spread of the infection, warned private hospitals and doctors, who are writing to the government to review its decision. The Delhi government had on Sunday directed 117 hospitals  with 50 beds or more  to reserve 20% space for coronavirus patients, to deal with the surge in cases. This would have added around 2,000 beds for Covid-19 patients in private sector hospitals, apart from the 677 existing beds in 10 designated hospitals. Delhi on Monday reported 635 more cases, taking the count to 14,053, the Delhi governments daily bulletin reported. Fifteen deaths were reported, taking the tally to 276. Follow latest updates on coronavirus here The bigger hospitals that have several blocks can manage to dedicate these beds. However, the challenge will be for smaller ones as they might not have enough space or separate entry and exits to ensure Covid-19 and non-Covid patients are segregated properly. This might lead to a spread of the infection within the hospitals, said Dr Girish Tyagi, president of Delhi Medical Association. Dr PK Bharadwaj, secretary, Delhi Voluntary Hospitals forum, an association of large private hospitals, said, We should learn from the experiences of other countries. In countries such as Italy and Spain, treating Covid-19 patients alongside non-Covid patients ed to several hospitals becoming transmission hot spots. Also read| Covid-19: What you need to know today The Delhi government did not respond to multiple calls and messages for comment. Doctors from Italy have been reported as saying that the overloaded hospitals became sources of the contagion. In England, around 20% patients hospitalised with Covid-19 had contracted the disease while being treated for other ailments, according to a report by the Guardian a week ago. In lieu of the beds allocated for Covid-19 patients, the Delhi government allowed the hospitals to add 25% more beds by relaxing norms for space and manpower. This means crowding of limited spaces in these hospitals, leading to a further increase in the risk of the spread of the infection. Plus, smaller hospitals might not have enough staff to have some exclusively working in Covid areas. Irrespective of the precautions taken, this is bound to spread the infection. The Centre must step in and reverse the order, said a private doctor from the city, on condition of anonymity. Earlier, the Delhi government had decided to designate only independent hospitals or those with separate blocks for the treatment of Covid-19 patients such as one block in Max Smart Super Specialty hospital or the two independent hospitals under Sir Gangaram -- Kolmet and City. Also read| Get ready: WHO warns of second peak in areas where Covid-19 declining While scaling up Covid-19 facilities at its own hospitals, the Delhi government had initially reserved some beds in five of its hospitals in April first week. Fearing a mixing of Covid and non-Covid patients, the government decided to use two of its hospitals  the 2000-bed Lok Nayak and 500 bed Rajiv Gandhi Superspecialty hospital  in its entirety days later. At All India Institute of Medical Sciences, people with Covid are being treated at the Trauma Centre on Ring Road and the Cancer centre in Jhajjar, which are completely isolated from the main campus where non-Covid patients are being treated in the emergency department. At Safdarjung, a separate Superspecialty block and in Ram Manohar Lohia, a separate Trauma block are being used for Covid patients. If the government needs to take over beds in the private sector, instead of getting 2,000 beds in over hundred hospitals, they can take over a few of the bigger hospitals, said Dr Bharadwaj. Also read| Buy PPE only from approved producers:Govt advisory Experts agree. The government was to scale up its facilities during the lockdown. So why does it need to acquire private hospitals? And even if they do have to, they should take over whole hospitals, pay the rent and salary of the staff and manage cases there. There shouldnt be any mixing of Covid and non-Covid cases. The Centre seems to have failed in clearly creating and communicating a master plan for management of Covid cases, said Dr T Jacob John, professor emeritus and former head of virology department at Christian Medical College, Vellore. The Delhi Medical Association is also writing to the Delhi government to extend the health insurance for health care workers in the government sector to the private sector, ensure availability of PPE kits, masks, sanitisers, and respirators at government rates, and create a separate facility for treating health care workers with Covid-19. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-nick-jonas-mark-2nd-anniversary-of-first-date-with-cute-pics-love-you-jaan/story-amVhrjpaTZOmlOzDVS7JcM.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas mark 2nd anniversary of first date with cute pics: Love you jaan</title>
<body >Actor Priyanka Chopra has marked the second anniversary of her first date with husband, singer Nick Jonas. Sharing pictures on Instagram, the couple expressed their love for each other. Priyanka posted a picture of the two of them at Dodgers Stadium, and wrote in the caption, 2 years ago today we took our very first picture together. Every day since then you have brought me endless joy and happiness. I love you @nickjonas Thank you for making our life together so incredible. Heres to many more date nights... View this post on Instagram           2 years ago today we took our very first picture together. Every day since then you have brought me endless joy and happiness. I love you @nickjonas Thank you for making our life together so incredible. Heres to many more date nights...  A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 25, 2020 at 2:44pm PDT 2 years ago today we took our very first picture together. Every day since then you have brought me endless joy and happiness. I love you @nickjonas Thank you for making our life together so incredible. Heres to many more date nights...  A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 25, 2020 at 2:44pm PDT Nick also shared a picture on Instagram, and wrote, This beautiful woman and I went on our first date two years ago today. It has been the best two years of my life, and to think I am lucky enough to get to spend the rest of my life with her is such an incredible blessing. I love you babe. Happy two years.  View this post on Instagram           This beautiful woman and I went on our first date two years ago today. It has been the best two years of my life, and to think I am lucky enough to get to spend the rest of my life with her is such an incredible blessing. I love you babe. Happy two years  A post shared by  Nick Jonas (@nickjonas) on May 25, 2020 at 3:09pm PDT This beautiful woman and I went on our first date two years ago today. It has been the best two years of my life, and to think I am lucky enough to get to spend the rest of my life with her is such an incredible blessing. I love you babe. Happy two years  A post shared by  Nick Jonas (@nickjonas) on May 25, 2020 at 3:09pm PDT While Priyankas post has been liked nearly one million times in a few hours, Nicks post has received over 800000 likes. Both their posts received love from their friends and fans. Reacting to Nicks post, Priyanka wrote in the comments, love you jaan.. best decision of my life. You guys are the absolute cutest. Im so glad she makes you happy. and Im so glad you make her happy. You both deserve the entire world and so much more, wrote a fan in the comments section. You two are so cute together!! Hope youre forever be grateful and happy! wrote another. Also read: When Priyanka Chopra and John Travolta danced to Tune Maari Entriyan, floored everyone with their moves. Watch Nick and Priyanka made their first public appearance together at the 2017 Met Gala. They tied the knot in December 2018, at Jodhpurs Umaid Bhavan Palace, in a multiple-day ceremony. I love that our wedding was a religious mash-up, Priyanka had told People. We took beautiful traditions that we both grew up with and personalized them in a way that made sense for us. Its been incredible to find the commonalities between our beliefs and figuring out how to blend them in a respectful and meaningful way. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/akshay-kumar-s-prithviraj-sets-to-be-destroyed-before-monsoon-scenes-yet-to-be-shot/story-gvEnzzE6PksBWAUP1IgicL.html</url>
<title>Akshay Kumars Prithviraj sets to be destroyed before monsoon, scenes yet to be shot</title>
<body >Sets created for the upcoming period epic Prithviraj,starring Akshay Kumar, will be taken down, because the cost of maintaining them during the coronavirus lockdown was proving to be too high to bear. With no filming expected to take place before the monsoon, the filmmakers reportedly took the decision to destroy the Dahisar sets, YashRaj Films has confirmed. A Mid-Day report quoted a source as saying, The head honchos of Yash Raj Films had kept the set standing over the past two months, hoping that the situation would improve soon. However, with the rains only weeks away, it doesnt seem feasible to retain the set any longer. The makers are currently procuring necessary permission to have it pulled down. Akshay had filmed a major portion of the Chandraprakash Dwivedi-directed drama at the Dahisar set before the lockdown was announced, but some crucial sequences have yet to be shot. According to YashRaj, the sequences will now be shot at an indoor set, once filming is allowed to resume. Two sets were erected at Dahisar, according to the report. One was a palace and the other an arena in which an action sequence was supposed to be filmed. Also read: Akshay Kumar, R Balki shoot for Covid-19 awareness campaign at Mumbai studio, use all precautions. See pics Prithviraj was supposed to release around Diwali this year, with beauty queen Manushi Chhillar making her film debut opposite Akshay. Another of his films, Sooryavanshi, was ready for release in March, but was delayed. The actors Laxxmi Bomb is rumoured to be headed directly to a streaming platform. It was recently reported that Akshay filmed a Covid-19 awareness campaign at a Mumbai studio with director R Balki, having taken all the necessary precautions, including wearing masks and working with minimal crew. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 09:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/around-20-seriously-injured-after-bus-carrying-migrants-overturns-in-prayagrajvideo/video-StkbV3ZIU1leBQUuNhuYWP.html</url>
<title>Around 20 seriously injured after bus carrying migrants overturns in Prayagraj</title>
<body >Around 20 migrant labourers were injured in a bus accident in Uttar Pradesh. The incident took place in Prayagraj at midnight of May 22. The bus was carrying around 30 migrant labourers. The accident happened after the bus overturned in Nawabganj area. Revenue Inspector Rajesh Kumar Singh informed that some of the migrants are seriously injured. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/manipur-govt-sets-up-quarantine-centres-for-transgendersvideo/video-ilQpTzK8GZBLdrAxMp4c4I.html</url>
<title>Watch: Manipur govt sets up quarantine centres for transgenders</title>
<body >Manipur government has set up a dedicated quarantine centre for transgenders in Imphal. In a first, Health and Family Welfare Dept has set up two institutional quarantine centres. A separate wing for transgender people has been be set up at the centre. The centre is at Maria Montessori Higher Secondary School in Imphal Easts Koirengei. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/security-guard-slapped-for-stopping-boys-from-entering-a-society-parkvideo/video-mh1zmfe8TOCb2gk52zpYmL.html</url>
<title>Watch: Security guard slapped for stopping boys from entering a society park</title>
<body >A security guard was slapped by a boy in Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh. The boy slapped the guard after he was allegedly stopped from entering a park. The boy can be seen slapping and thrashing the guard. The incident, The incident, which was caught on CCTV, took place in Sector 51 on May 21 at around 11 pm. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/this-good-boy-was-named-guardian-after-he-refused-to-leave-his-dead-sister-s-side/story-T6lezKbLBdbb6tLEW1GFqN.html</url>
<title>This good boy was named Guardian after he refused to leave his dead sisters side</title>
<body >Heres yet another heartening example of why we dont deserve dogs. A post shared on Facebook introduces us to a dog named Guardian and the reason why this apt name was suggested for him. Kingsville Kleberg Health Department Animal Control  Care Center shared a post in which they detail getting a call about a dog who had died. When they arrived on the scene, they saw a rather heartbreaking sight. Another dog sat beside the deceased dog and protected it. This boy wasnt going to let anyone mess with his sister, says the post, adding how it wasnt easy for the members of the team to convince the dog they were there to help. The team eventually rescued the dog and brought him to the shelter. They subsequently named him Guardian. He is now in the facility and is scheduled for an adoption.  The page shared another post about Guardian with some pictures of him:  Meanwhile, Guardians touching gesture towards his sister has struck a chord with thousands. The post about Guardian has collected over 5,000 reactions and more than 4,400 shares - and counting. Several people have posted how moved they are from this story. Animals have bigger hearts then most humans. Thank you for saving this sweet, smart dog, says a Facebook user. Thats heartwrenching. The bond and loyalty to his companion. Hope he gets a great home with another dog companion to share life, writes another. Anyone who says that animals dont feel or love like we do needs to take a long look at these pictures. You can see the heartbreak in his face, writes an individual. Im so glad this dog hero has an adoption appointment. He needs love, posts another. Also Read | Twitter says this video of a buffalos revenge is the perfect representation of karma </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/badshah-s-new-song-toxic-portrays-an-abusive-relationship-features-ravi-dubey-and-sargun-mehta/story-eNJNL4PQlOHgs8TbeFze1M.html</url>
<title>Badshahs new song Toxic portrays an abusive relationship, features Ravi Dubey and Sargun Mehta</title>
<body >Rapper Badshah has come up with a new song and the music video features TV actor Ravi Dubey and Sargun Mehta. The song is Badshahs second collaboration with singer Payal Dev, after Genda Phool. The makers have revealed that the song has been home shot and directed by Ravi Dubey during the Covid-19 lockdown. While Badhshah has written and sung the new song, Payal has lent her voice for the number and also composed the music. Sharing the video, Badshah wrote, TOXIC is out now on all platforms. @ravidubey2312 @sargunmehta @payaldevofficial @adityadevmusic @sonymusicindia. While the heartbreak number is hardly an earworm,  its lyrics strike a chord and speak about people in a toxic, abusive relationships. Also read: Esha Gupta confirms she is not part of Hera Pheri 3: I was doing the film when late Neeraj Vora was directing it         View this post on Instagram           TOXIC is out now on all platforms. @ravidubey2312 @sargunmehta @payaldevofficial @adityadevmusic @sonymusicindia A post shared by  BADSHAH (@badboyshah) on May 26, 2020 at 2:40am PDT TOXIC is out now on all platforms. @ravidubey2312 @sargunmehta @payaldevofficial @adityadevmusic @sonymusicindia A post shared by  BADSHAH (@badboyshah) on May 26, 2020 at 2:40am PDT Talking about Toxic, Badshah said in a press statement, Toxic is a very special song, its something I have never done before. It talks about second chances at love and highlights the imperfections of a relationship. I hope the audience loves the song as much as I do.  This is the third song that Badshah has come up with during the ongoing lockdown amid Covid-19 pandemic. After Genda Phool featuring Jacqueline Fernandez, Badshah came up with Ilzam -  a song he categorised as one of his 3AM sessions. However, Genda Phool was only launched during the lockdown and was shot earlier. India has been observing a lockdown for more than two months now. All shootings and production were stalled and cinema halls closed as part of the lockdown measures. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/j-k-admn-evacuates-94-621-stranded-residents/story-MznX4xY92VkYBSzSiapGAL.html</url>
<title>JK admn evacuates 94,621 stranded residents</title>
<body >The Jammu and Kashmir administration has evacuated 94,621 residents via Lakhanpur and through a network of special trains and buses to date amid observance of all necessary Standard Operating Procedures regarding the Covid 19 pandemic. As per the official data received in this regard, the administrations of Jammu and Kashmir districts have received 33 Covid special trains at Jammu and Udhampur railway stations from different states and UTs, so far, with about 26, 797 stranded passengers while about 67,172 persons have been evacuated by the government through Lakhanpur to date. Meanwhile, about 652 passengers including students have already reached Srinagar International Airport under Vande Bharat Mission through four special flights. Therefore, a total of about 94,621 JK residents stranded outside UT have been brought back by the administration in 33 special trains, flights besides scores of buses through Lakhanpur after strictly observing all necessary preventive measures regarding the Virus. As per the detailed breakup, about 478 stranded passengers have entered through Lakhanpur from May 25 to May 26 while 763 passengers reached on Tuesday in the 13th Delhi Covid special train at Jammu. So far, 13 trains have reached Jammu with a total of 11,157 stranded passengers belonging to different districts while 15,640 passengers have reached Udhampur in 20 special trains, so far. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/adityanath-makes-u-turn-up-says-no-permission-needed-to-hire-its-workers/story-CbhCHUieWvUwxmzT1CscyO.html</url>
<title>Adityanath makes u-turn, UP says no permission needed to hire its workers</title>
<body >Two days after Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath said other states will also need permission from the state for engaging its workers, his government said Tuesday that it would not incorporate, in the migration commission bye-laws, the prior permission clause for states seeking to employ manpower from UP. The government also said it was working on modalities to set up the commission to provide jobs and social security to migrant workers returning to the state. It has named the migration commission as the Kamgar/shramik (sewajojan and rozgar) kalyan ayog (Workers/labourers employment welfare commission). About 26 lakh migrants have already returned to the state and an exercise to map their skills is being carried out to help them get jobs. On Tuesday, Adityanath discussed the modalities for setting up the commission and told his officers to complete the skill mapping exercise in 15 days. The chief minister discussed the modalities for setting up the commission, as well. There will be no provision requiring other states to seek UP governments prior permission for employing our manpower. The commission is being set up with to provide jobs and social security to the workers. We will also link the migrants to the government schemes to provide them houses and loans etc, said a senior officer, who didnt want to be named. Adityanath said a letter should be sent to all state governments to find out about migrant workers willing to come back to Uttar Pradesh. Speaking at a webinar on Sunday, the CM had said: The migration commission will work in the interest of migrant workers. If any other state wants UPs manpower, they cannot take them away just like that but will have to seek permission of the UP government. The way our migrant workers were ill-treated in other states, the UP government will take their insurance, social security in its hands now. The state government will stand by them wherever they work, whether in Uttar Pradesh, other states or other countries. The permission statement sparked a row with some political leaders and parties questioning it. Earlier in the day, former Congress president Rahul Gandhi had severely criticized Adityanaths stand saying the workers were not the chief ministers personal property. It is very unfortunate that the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh views India in such a way. These people are not his personal property. They are not the personal property of Uttar Pradesh. These people are Indian citizens and they have the right to decide what they want to do and they have the right to live the life they want to live, Gandhi said. On Monday, MNS chief Raj Thackeray had taken on Adityanath with a warning that if UP insists on permission before other states can to employ workers from there, then any migrant entering Maharashtra would need to take permissions from us, from the Maharashtra state, our police force. Shri Adityanath needs to take cognizance of this. Also, the Maharashtra government needs to look into this matter seriously. In future, whenever migrants do enter our state, they will need to be registered and their personal details and identification proof will need to be submitted to the police station. Only if these requirements are met, will they be allowed to enter Maharashtra. Explaining Adityanaths point on the issue, the officer quoted earlier said, The chief minister is deeply moved by the condition of migrants. They have been treated badly by other states. So, when the CM spoke about the need for seeking UP governments permission, he did so in the role of a guardian for workers. Its only the CMs concern for the migrants that came out as a political statement, said the officer while asserting that Yogis statement was in no way out of context. Meanwhile, CB Pandey, a legal expert, said: The migration commission can work as a welfare body and watch the interests of the workmen. But most of the migrant workers are employed in the unorganized sector. The state government can regulate only the recruitment agencies, if any. In more than 99 per cent of cases, no recruitment agencies are involved. Majority of workers of the unorganized sector look for jobs through their acquaintances or family members and regulating them may not be possible. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-won-t-allow-change-of-status-quo-on-line-of-actual-control-officials/story-omhYvrJnnEn3reFhbfeepL.html</url>
<title>India wont allow change of status quo on Line of Actual Control: Officials</title>
<body >India wont allow any alteration of the status quo on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) and the build-up of Chinese troops will be faced with strength and restraint, people familiar with developments said on Tuesday against the backdrop of a high-level security meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Modi met National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and Chief of Defence Staff Gen Bipin Rawat to assess the situation along the LAC amid a tense standoff between thousands of Indian and Chinese troops, especially Galwan Valley and Pangong Lake in eastern Ladakh. The bottomline is that we will not allow any change in the status quo on the LAC. That we will not permit, said one of the people cited above, who spoke on condition of anonymity. We have faced similar situations in the past, and we will face this situation with strength and restraint, the person added. In many ways, Indias position is a reiteration of the stance it adopted during the 73-day standoff at Doklam in 2017, when Indian troops dug in and stood their ground in the face of a rapid mobilisation by the Chinese side. The people reiterated the external affairs ministrys contention of May 22 that all activities by Indian troops were on the Indian side of the LAC in the Ladakh and Sikkim sectors. They also repeated the ministrys accusation that it was Chinese troops that were hindering normal patrolling by Indian forces on the Indian side of the LAC. The Indian troops are fully familiar with the alignment of the LAC. The Chinese have raised similar objections and made similar attempts [to hinder the activity of Indian troops] in the past too. Their motives and intentions in the current circumstances are not clear, the person said. But we are very firm and very clear  there have been no violations by us, the person added. A second person, who too spoke on condition of anonymity, said Indias construction activities in forward areas will not stop because of the standoff. The people said the Indian side is facing the current stand-off with firmness and has deployed appropriate resources, even as it works on peaceful resolutions. Responding to speculation about the efficacy of strategic guidance issued after the informal summits at Wuhan in 2018 and Mammallapuram in 2019 for maintaining peace and tranquillity on the border, the people said established mechanisms for dealing with such issues continued to be in place and both sides were in touch at diplomatic and other levels to address the situation. Normal diplomatic contacts, at various levels, are underway, the first person said, declining to go into details. The standoff on the LAC is expected to figure prominently on the agenda of the three-day army commanders conference that begins on Wednesday, officials said. Army chief Gen Manoj Mukund Naravane will chair the meeting. The apex level leadership of the Indian Army will brainstorm on current emerging security and administrative challenges and chart the future course for the army, an army spokesperson said. Defence minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday reviewed the situation in the Ladakh sector of the LAC during a meeting with the chief of defence staff and the three service chiefs. The Border Roads Organisation (BRO) plans to complete all 61 strategic roads assigned to it along the border with China by December 2022, officials said. These roads are spread across Arunachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Sikkim, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, and will allow swifter mobilisation of troops and stores to forward areas. China is believed to have marshalled close to 5,000 soldiers on its side of the disputed border in Ladakh sector, where India has also sent military reinforcements to strengthen defences amid the growing tensions on the LAC. Indian and Chinese soldiers are eyeball-to-eyeball at four locations along the LAC and several rounds of talks between local military commanders have failed to end the standoff that began with a violent confrontation between rival patrols three weeks ago near Pangong Lake. Sending the military reinforcements, including troops, vehicles and heavy equipment, did not require much effort as China diverted resources from an ongoing military exercise in the region, officials said. Naravane made a low-key visit to Ladakh last week for a security review as tensions grew near Pangong Lake and three pockets in Galwan Valley, where Chinese troops have pitched close to 100 tents and erected temporary structures to establish a presence. HT was the first to report on May 10 about tensions flaring between India and China in north Sikkim, where 150 soldiers were involved in a tense clash a day earlier. Four Indian and seven Chinese soldiers were injured at Naku La during the confrontation. Around 250 soldiers from the two sides also clashed near Pangong Lake on the night of May 5-6, with the scuffle leaving scores injured. While an immediate flare-up was avoided as both armies stuck to protocols to resolve the situation, tensions spread to other pockets along the LAC. The latest standoff is not confined to a small area, and has triggered an increase in troops at multiple locations on both sides and seems to suggest a greater design rather than adventurism by local commanders, as reported by HT on Sunday. The external affairs ministry said last week the Indian side remained firmly committed to the common objective of maintaining peace and tranquillity in border areas, as this is an essential prerequisite to further development of India-China relations. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-latest-kerala-sees-biggest-single-day-spike-cm-cautions-against-lowering-guard/story-8mK7dX5XF9PdxWPzsiQgmJ.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 latest: Kerala sees biggest single-day spike, CM cautions against lowering guard</title>
<body >Kerala on Tuesday reported 67 coronavirus cases, the highest in a single day since the outbreak in January resulting in the chief minister sounding a note of caution against the lowering of guard and easing of surveillance at this critical juncture as it may lead to community transmission of the disease. Among the new cases, 27 are foreign returnees, 30 are arrivals from other states and 10 were people who contracted the disease within the state from the infected, said chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan. He added that Palakkad district had reported 29 cases on Tuesday-- the maximum in the state. Out of Keralas total 963 Covid-19 cases, 415 are active. The number of persons under observation has risen to over one lakh while 7 people have died due to the disease. When asked about Congress leader Rahul Gandhis observation that lockdown has failed to serve its purpose, the CM said he did not agree with it. I feel lockdown helped to contain the spread. Even before the Centre imposed it, Kerala started implementing it. So we cant blame the lockdown, he said. For Coronavirus Live Updates Talking to newsmen earlier in the day, Gandhi said the two-month-long lockdown failed to serve its purpose as cases spiked in this period. He also asked the Modi government to spell out its Plan B to handle the crisis. Vijayan said he agreed that the centre did not intervene effectively to address lockdown-induced problems. I agree with the Centres intervention to lessen the woes of the lockdown affected people, was inadequate. States were not heard properly and compensated, Vijayan said. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 The CM also criticised railway minister Piyush Goyals statement that the state was not keen on bringing back its people stranded in other parts of the country. You cant send trains without informing the state. We had a couple of such experiences. This will sabotage our preparedness. Such a statement was least expected from a union minister, Vijayan said, adding people of the state knew him well and he did not want a certificate in this regard. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/hit-by-cyclone-amphan-villages-in-sunderbans-face-drinking-water-crisis/story-ggOH1uq5rBIowJPaLfstlM.html</url>
<title>Hit by cyclone Amphan, villages in Sunderbans face drinking water crisis</title>
<body >Devastated by cyclone Amphan almost a week ago, several villages on remote islands of the Sunderbans and the coastal belt in West Bengal are now facing an acute drinking water crisis but authorities claim 70% of the water connections have been restored The Sunderbans is the worlds largest mangrove delta and home to more than 4.5 million people. It is spread over two districts - South 24 Parganas and North 24 Parganas and has 102 islands of which 54 are inhabited. The cyclone destroyed dozens of pipelines that used to supply drinking water to the islands surrounded by rivers fed with saline tidal water from the sea. Salt water from these rivers has gushed into the villages through breaches in the embankments filling up the sweet water ponds and hundreds of tube wells still remain submerged in saline water even six days after the calamity. I need to walk for nearly 30 minutes, stand in a queue behind more than 50 minutes, fill up a bucket and an earthen pitcher from the only functional tube well in the area and then walk back home, said Swapna Sardar, 36, a resident of Rangabelia village in Gosaba, a block in South 24 Parganas district that has been totally devastated by the storm. Hundreds of villages in several blocks such as Gosaba, Kultali, Kakdwip, Namkhana, Patharpramima in South 24 Parganas and Minakha, Sandeshkhali, Hingalganj and Hasnabad in North 24 Parganas have been devastated. Many are still inundated. There is an acute shortage of drinking water. Nearly 16 km of embankments have been breached and storm surge have destroyed the sluice gates. Saline water has gushed into the villages inundating the ponds and tubewells. We are providing water pouches. Huge drums filled with water are being distributed in the villages in vehicles and boats, said Manturam Pakhira, Sunderban affairs minister. Locals in the villages said that dozens of tube wells are lying defunct for a long time. While some have not been repaired since they were destroyed by cyclone Aila in May 2019, many others became useless when cyclone Bulbul hit in November 2019. Many others became non-operational due to poor maintenance and no maintenance. There were three tubewells in my village. But only one work is functional now. Repeated appeals to the local MLA have not yielded any results. Now after the cyclone there is crowding near the tubewells every day, said Antara Mahata, a resident of Gobindarampur village in Kakdwip block. Most ponds will have to be emptied and treated before they are filled again for the water to become fit for drinking. We will have to treat the ponds with lime and potassium permanganate before monsoon so that fresh water can fill them up again. Dozens of pumps have been deployed to drain out the water that has inundated the villages. We also need to clean the tubewells, said S Mitra, BDO of Gosaba. While most of the islands in the South 24 Parganas part of the Sunderbans are battling a drinking water crisis, one island in the same district has put up a starkly different picture despite being equally hit. It is the Sagar Island at the mouth of the Bay of Bengal. Every year the island hosts lakhs of people from across India during the Ganga Sagar mela. The infrastructure that has been developed to handle such huge congregation has come handy for the district administration while facing the crises  Amphan during the time of the coronavirus pandemic. During the Ganga Sagar mela we have to produce water pouches for millions of pilgrims every day. Machines that can produce water pouches are already installed and huge water tankers of the public health engineering department were already there on the island. Those have been deployed. We are much better off, said Sudipta Mandal BDO of Sagar. The saline water that has gushed into the villages has also killed all the sweet water fish including rohu, kalta and pangash. Dead fish could be seen floating in ponds Gobindarampur village in Kakdwip two days after the cyclone. Villagers had to collect the dead fishes and dump them. The dead fish had to be collected and buried. We will have to drain out the salt water from the ponds and treat the bed with lime. Once the monsoon starts the ponds will be again filled with fresh rain water. But it would take some time to rear fish as we had seen after cyclone Aila, said Sudam Roy, a resident of Rangabelia village in Gosaba where dozens of such ponds have been destroyed. On Tuesday the government said 70% of water connections in the Sunderbans have been restored. In the remote islands of the Sunderbans we are sending water pouches everyday which are being distributed. Also water tankers are being sent on boats to the islands. 70% of the water connection has been restored. The main problem is electricity. If electricity is restored water connection will come. That is being simultaneously restored, said P Ulaganathan, district magistrate of South 24 Parganas. He did not say how long it would take to restore normal drinking water supply across all the islands. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/hit-by-cyclone-amphan-villages-in-sunderbans-face-drinking-water-crisis/story-BNVxcKQ72yufsOG5LDOZII.html</url>
<title>Hit by cyclone Amphan, villages in Sunderbans face drinking water crisis</title>
<body >Devastated by cyclone Amphan almost a week ago, several villages on remote islands of the Sunderbans and the coastal belt in West Bengal are now facing an acute drinking water crisis but authorities claim 70% of the water connections have been restored The Sunderbans is the worlds largest mangrove delta and home to more than 4.5 million people. It is spread over two districts - South 24 Parganas and North 24 Parganas and has 102 islands of which 54 are inhabited. The cyclone destroyed dozens of pipelines that used to supply drinking water to the islands surrounded by rivers fed with saline tidal water from the sea. Salt water from these rivers has gushed into the villages through breaches in the embankments filling up the sweet water ponds and hundreds of tube wells still remain submerged in saline water even six days after the calamity. I need to walk for nearly 30 minutes, stand in a queue behind more than 50 minutes, fill up a bucket and an earthen pitcher from the only functional tube well in the area and then walk back home, said Swapna Sardar, 36, a resident of Rangabelia village in Gosaba, a block in South 24 Parganas district that has been totally devastated by the storm. Hundreds of villages in several blocks such as Gosaba, Kultali, Kakdwip, Namkhana, Patharpramima in South 24 Parganas and Minakha, Sandeshkhali, Hingalganj and Hasnabad in North 24 Parganas have been devastated. Many are still inundated. There is an acute shortage of drinking water. Nearly 16 km of embankments have been breached and storm surge have destroyed the sluice gates. Saline water has gushed into the villages inundating the ponds and tubewells. We are providing water pouches. Huge drums filled with water are being distributed in the villages in vehicles and boats, said Manturam Pakhira, Sunderban  affairs minister. Locals in the villages said that dozens of tube wells are lying defunct for a long time. While some have not been repaired since they were destroyed by cyclone Aila in May 2019, many others became useless when cyclone Bulbul hit in November 2019. Many others became non-operational due to poor maintenance and no maintenance. There were three tubewells in my village. But only one work is functional now. Repeated appeals to the local MLA have not yielded any results. Now after the cyclone there is crowding near the tubewells every day, said Antara Mahata, a resident of Gobindarampur village in Kakdwip block. Most ponds will have to be emptied and treated before they are filled again for the water to become fit for drinking. We will have to treat the ponds with lime and potassium permanganate before monsoon so that fresh water can fill them up again. Dozens of pumps have been deployed to drain out the water that has inundated the villages. We also need to clean the tubewells, said S Mitra, BDO of Gosaba. While most of the islands in the South 24 Parganas part of the Sunderbans are battling a drinking water crisis, one island in the same district has put up a starkly different picture despite being equally hit. It is the Sagar Island at the mouth of the Bay of Bengal. Every year the island hosts lakhs of people from across India during the Ganga Sagar mela. The infrastructure that has been developed to handle such huge congregation has come handy for the district administration while facing the crises  Amphan during the time of the coronavirus pandemic. During the Ganga Sagar mela we have to produce water pouches for millions of pilgrims every day. Machines that can produce water pouches are already installed and huge water tankers of the public health engineering department were already there on the island. Those have been deployed. We are much better off, said Sudipta Mandal BDO of Sagar. The saline water that has gushed into the villages has also killed all the sweet water fish including rohu, kalta and pangash. Dead fish could be seen floating in ponds Gobindarampur village in Kakdwip two days after the cyclone. Villagers had to collect the dead fishes and dump them. The dead fish had to be collected and buried. We will have to drain out the salt water from the ponds and treat the bed with lime. Once the monsoon starts the ponds will be again filled with fresh rain water. But it would take some time to rear fish as we had seen after cyclone Aila, said Sudam Roy, a resident of Rangabelia village in Gosaba where dozens of such ponds have been destroyed. On Tuesday the government said 70% of water connections in the Sunderbans have been restored. In the remote islands of the Sunderbans we are sending water pouches everyday which are being distributed. Also water tankers are being sent on boats to the islands. 70% of the water connection has been restored. The main problem is electricity. If electricity is restored water connection will come. That is being simultaneously restored, said P Ulaganathan, district magistrate of South 24 Parganas. He did not say how long it would take to restore normal drinking water supply across all the islands. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/migrants-arrive-at-pune-station-over-an-alleged-fake-message-asked-to-returnvideo/video-CRsgx88E8b4jJjQQtsYK0N.html</url>
<title>Migrants arrive at Pune station over an alleged fake message, asked to return</title>
<body >Migrant workers turned up at Pune Railway station after alleged wrong info. An alleged fake message was circulated asking migrants to come to railway station. Authorities told migrants that they were wrongly informed. Migrants who turned up took shelter at the bus stand nearby. Migrants have been facing problems over transportation. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/shoaib-akhtar-names-the-batsman-he-could-not-bowl-out-even-once/story-zi7FkCRRmg41Hj0Y52SOBI.html</url>
<title>Shoaib Akhtar names the batsman he could not bowl out even once</title>
<body >Shoaib Akhtar was one of the most feared bowlers in cricket history. The blistering pace that he bowled at often bamboozled the batsmen around the world. Akhtar was often in competition with Brett Lee for the title of the worlds fastest bowler and even bowled a delivery that clocked 161.3 km/h. Akhtars career did not last long due to various injuries but he managed 178 Test and 247 ODI wickets. However, there was one batsman who was able to play Akhtars scorching deliveries. On ESPNcricinfo Videocast, the Rawalpindi Express revealed that it was his teammate Inzamam-ul-Haq who could read the ball a second faster than others. READ |Please Rohit not against Australia, do it versus Pakistan, West Indies: Brett Lees special request To be honest, its Inzamam-ul-Haq. See my action is very complicated unlike Bret Lees but I could not bowl him out even once in the nets in 10 years. I think he could read the ball a second faster than others. He also praised few other batters like Martin Crowe and Rahul Dravid. I think Martin Crowe would have played me well too. He was a magician and very elegant. Among Indian players, Rahul Dravid is the most decorated batsman. If he wont offer me a shot, I would not be able to penetrate his defense. I also think Jacques Kallis is one of the best all-rounders, and slip fielders cricket has ever produced. Former Indian opener Virender Sehwag was among the few batsmen who could play Akhtar as ease. Clarifying, Akhtar said: I bowled him short initially when I should have bowled the ball thats going away from him. After I figured him, he could not score much against me. I bowled him out on multiple occasions, including at the IPL and in Lahore in. Former Pakistan speedster Shoaib Akhtar believes if he were playing today, India skipper Virat Kohli and him would have been friends and enemies at the same time. We are both Punjabis with a big heart. We would have been best of friends off-field and fierce enemies on-field, Akhtar said while speaking in the latest episode of ESPNcricinfo Videocast. With Virat if you fight, he gets more focused. So to bowl him out, I would try to get him to lose focus. I would try to get into his head. At my extreme pace, I would have instigated him to pull me or play a cut because he doesnt have these two shots. I know he loves to drive, so again at my extreme pace, I would get him to drive and would have kept talking to him in between. Something like what (James)Anderson did to him in England, he added. READ | Iwant to face Jasprit Bumrah challenge: Pakistan batsman Shan Masood The former Pakistan pacer also expressed his displeasure on the state of fast bowling in times of modern-day T20 cricket. There has been a fall in the popularity of the game and ICC is to be blamed for it, said Akhtar. I have been voicing for last 10 years to open the bouncers for fast bowlers. Till there is no rivalry like Sachin (Tendulkar) vs Shoaib, you wont get following. He is also not very happy with the current state of fast bowling in Pakistan. What you need in team today are characters, players who can hunt you down, who can run like a lion and think like a Leopard. You have to bring people like me in Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB). I will find such people, train them in all aspects like how to eat, how to talk, how to bowl, mannerisms, and build them up as a brand. But average management will bring average people into the system and sadly thats what is happening in Pakistan today. (with IANS inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 15:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/hp-education-minister-felicitated-by-world-book-of-records-london/story-MHnUns6Yfvw24ndiWufUWP.html</url>
<title>HP education minister felicitated by World Book of Records, London</title>
<body >Himachal Pradesh education minister Suresh Bhardwaj has been awarded for spreading positivity during ongoing coronavirus pandemic by the World Book of Records, London. His efforts and work during the lockdown period will be covered in Star 2020. He has been presented with an online certificate. A spokesperson of the World Book of Records said that his efforts as a silent warrior in Covid-19 are commendable. He has been engaged in the service of the people since lockdown was imposed which has created an atmosphere of positivity. A survey was conducted by the World Book of Records in various countries and in various states of India and Suresh Bhardwaj and others were selected on the basis of the survey, he said. World Book of Records, UK is an organisation that lists and verifies exceptional records worldwide with certification. It is a paramount international organisation that inspires people to showcase their talents and encourages people to establish and break records nationally and internationally. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/chandigarh-realtor-arrested-for-stalking-woman/story-PyQ3G5cySwxeTTeXrfLMgO.html</url>
<title>Chandigarh realtor arrested for stalking woman</title>
<body >A small-time property dealer was arrested for stalking a woman and later sent to judicial custody here on Monday, police said. The woman who is in her late 20s said in her complaint that she had met accused Vikey Rana of Maloya while looking for a rented accommodation a few months back. Rana had shown her an apartment which she had decided not to take, but police said he kept calling and texting her. A case was registered under sections 354A (sexual harassment) and 354D (stalking) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at the Maloya police station. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/german-driver-suspended-by-audi-after-getting-professional-gamer-to-race-for-him-in-formula-e-esports/story-GOASblRkjaLQZPwDvmpDQL.html</url>
<title>German driver suspended by Audi after getting professional gamer to race for him in Formula E esports</title>
<body >Audi suspended German driver Daniel Abt with immediate effect on Tuesday after he got a professional gamer to race under his name in a Formula E esports race at the weekend. Abt apologised on Sunday for the deception in the series Race at Home Challenge and was fined 10,000 euros ($10,956). Integrity, transparency and consistent compliance with applicable rules are top priorities for Audi -- this applies to all activities the brand is involved in without exception, said Audi in a statement. For this reason, Audi Sport has decided to suspend Daniel Abt with immediate effect. The real-life Formula E season is currently suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. ($1 = 0.9127 euros) (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Christian Radnedge) </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/uttarakhand-officials-booked-for-negligence-after-six-year-old-dies-of-snakebite-at-nainital-quarantine-centre/story-gxfmgFsVj0we60prx253AM.html</url>
<title>Uttarakhand officials booked for negligence after six-year-old dies of snakebite at Nainital quarantine centre</title>
<body >Three officials associated with a quarantine centre in Nainital, where a six-year-old girl died due to snakebite on Monday, were booked for death due to negligence on the basis of a complaint by the girls uncle. The six-year-old girl was quarantined at a government primary school at Talli Sethi village in a remote area of Nainital district where she was allegedly bitten by a snake in the wee hours. Also Read:Snakebite kills six-year-old girl in Uttarakhand quarantine centre Savin Bansal, district magistrate Nainital ordered an investigation into the incident by the sub-divisional magistrate Koshyakutoli Richa Singh. The investigation revealed alleged negligence on part of Karan Singh, a school teacher, Rajpal Singh, revenue officer (patwari) and Umesh Joshi, village development officer, who were on duty at the quarantine centre, officials said. Negligence of three officials has come to fore in this incident. Neither did they reach the spot after the incident came to light nor did they inform their higher authorities about it, said Richa Singh, SDM Koshyakutoli in Nainital district. On the complaint of the girls uncle, the local Naib Tehsildar (revenue police) lodged a FIR against all the three officials on charges of death due to negligence she said. District magistrate Nainital, Savin Bansal has now instructed district development officer, district panchayat raj officer and district education officer to ensure the presence of all employees deployed in quarantine centres through video-calling. For Coronavirus Live Updates The three officials were booked under IPC 304 A (causing death by negligence), 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant), 269 (negligence act likely to spread infection of disease dangerous to life) and 270 (malignant act likely to spread infection of disease dangerous to life) and 51 B of the Disaster Management Act. Bijulal, the divisional forest officer (DFO) Nainital said, The family of the girl will be provided a compensation of Rs 3 lakh. Meanwhile, Indira Hridayesh, leader of opposition in Uttarakhand alleged that quarantine centres across the state were in bad condition. There is no provision of proper facilities like food, water and medicines in these centres, she said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/close-to-2-lakh-migrants-travelled-on-shramik-specials-in-and-out-of-rajasthan-on-a-single-day/story-GQXNr9rZmmdlQQfkfZhTNM.html</url>
<title>Close to 2 lakh migrants travelled on Shramik specials in and out of Rajasthan on a single day</title>
<body >Around 1.5 lakh migrant workers were transported to their home states from Rajasthan on Shramik specials on Monday and around 45,000 were brought back as Indian Railways continues to facilitate movement of migrants stranded due to the lockdown to ease a humanitarian crisis. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 The North Western Railway (NWR) on Tuesday said it operated 105 trains from origin points in Rajasthan to other states including Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh, and carried more than 148,000 passengers on the shramik special service on Monday. Railway officials added that about 45,000 passengers arrived in the state on board 39 inbound Shramik trains. According to the railway figures released on Monday, over 40 lakh migrant workers have been transported to different states in over 3,000 Shramik specials since May 1. Another 2,600 Shramik special trains are expected to transport close to 36 lakh migrant population to their home states during the lockdown. Passengers identified and screened by the state governments travel on these special trains. For Coronavirus Live Updates NWR chief public relations officer Abhay Sharma said among the outbound Shramik special trains, 49 went to Bihar, 12 to MP, 32 to UP, five to Jharkhand, three to West Bengal and one each to Uttrakhand, Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. Until Monday evening, we have transported 148,619 passengers out of Rajasthan, he said. Among the inbound trains, 14 came from Maharashtra, seven from Karnataka, six each from Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, two from Tamil Nadu and one each from Gujarat, Jharkhand, Kerala, and West Bengal. The inbound trains brought 45,109 migrants into the state. The NWR said it is coordinating with other states to plan operation of more Shramik special trains for workers as per requirements. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/assam-cabinet-makes-institutional-quarantine-mandatory-for-all-returnees/story-ysO1sYYec9VDQcu4Z4mizH.html</url>
<title>Assam cabinet makes institutional quarantine mandatory for all returnees</title>
<body >Assam cabinet on Tuesday decided that all those stranded people, who are returning to the state following the easing of lockdown restrictions from May 4, will have to undergo institutional quarantine for the first few days because of a spike in coronavirus disease (Covid-19) positive cases in the past few days. The state has reported 598 Covid-19 positive cases till Tuesday afternoon. Assam already has a strict policy, which requires all returnees to spend a total of 14 days in quarantine, with the first few days in an institution until the test results are available and the rest in isolation at home. On Tuesday, the cabinet approved the enforcement of strict quarantine for all returnees for 14 days, as we dont want community spread of the viral outbreak, parliamentary affairs minister Chandra Mohan Patowary told media persons after the meeting. In a bid to help folk artistes, who are facing economic hardships because of the ongoing lockdown restrictions, which have been imposed since end-March to contain the spread of the pandemic, the cabinet also decided to provide Rs2,000 to each of them for three months, beginning April. The cabinet directed all the deputy commissioners to stock adequate relief materials and repair embankments, as the onset of floods is likely from July, Patowary said. Ministers, who are in charge of Covid-19 management in the states 33 districts, have been entrusted with the additional responsibility of overseeing flood relief work in those districts, Patowary added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/53-yr-old-woman-dies-at-covid-19-quarantine-centre-in-uttarakhand-s-pithoragarh/story-yJwkVFfWQuIruq1EmUaneL.html</url>
<title>53-yr-old woman dies at Covid-19 quarantine centre in Uttarakhands Pithoragarh</title>
<body >Pithoragarh: A 53 -year-old woman died at a Covid-19 quarantine centre in Uttarakhands Pithoragarh district, health officials said on Tuesday. Authorities have instituted an inquiry to determine the cause of her death. The woman had recently returned to her village in the hilly district from Haldwani in Nainital district, following which she had been quarantined. Dr Bhagirathi Gunjan, chief medical officer Pithoragarh said that the woman had been quarantined at at Khoyam Jerthi village in the district after she returned from Haldwani on May 22. She said, on the directions of the district magistrate, an inquiry was initiated into the death of the woman on Monday evening. It is not clear how she died. A team of doctors has been sent to the area to investigate the death and determine its cause. Her post mortem result will clarify the circumstances under which she died, she said Rajendra Singh Danu, gram pradhan (village head) of Khoyam Jerthi, said the woman was quite healthy while at the quarantine centre but she collapsed on Monday evening following which local doctors declared her dead. It seems that she likely died due to a heart attack but her post mortem result will reveal the exact cause, he said. On Monday, a six-year-old girl at a quarantine centre in Nainital districts Betalghat area died after she was allegedly bitten by a snake. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/dr-harsh-vardhan-takes-charge-as-who-executive-board-chairman/video-oYYjwRn1e94pZKhtRlZ5gM.html</url>
<title>Dr Harsh Vardhan takes charge as WHO Executive Board Chairman</title>
<body >Dr. Harsh Vardhan took charge as the Chairman of the WHO executive board. Indias Health Minister thanked all the member nations and expressed condolences to the family members of all those who had succumbed to the Covid-19 pandemic. Dr. Harsh Vardhan also spoke about the Indian govts Ayushman Bharat policy during his address to the WHO. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-sends-sheer-korma-ingredients-as-eid-treat-to-5000-families-fans-say-love-you-bhaijaan/story-SEuveUYHKY9CUgKVBEp17K.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan sends sheer korma ingredients as Eid treat to 5000 families, fans say Love you bhaijaan</title>
<body >Salman Khan spread some festive cheer on Eid by sending treats to 5,000 underprivileged families amid the coronavirus pandemic. Each special kit given out by Salman contained the ingredients to make sheer korma, an Eid special delicacy. Posting pictures of the supplies, Shiv Sena leader Rahul Kanal wrote on Twitter, Thank you @BeingSalmanKhan bhai for reaching out to 5000 families in your own special way on the occasion of Eid and spreading happiness...Humans like you balance the society,Thank you for the Eid kits distributed to one and all...special way of bhai wishing Eid !!! In another tweet, he added, This kit comprises of everything needed to make Sheer korma for more than 50 people...just a proud feeling to share that Being Haangryy has reached out to 25,000 families with dey ration and 5000 families with Eid kits given out by bhai. Thank you for making me a part of this team. Fans showered love on Salman for his sweet gesture. Man with golden heart, one fan wrote. Love u bhaijaan, another wrote. One Twitter user called him a real hero. East or west Salman sir is best love you sir, another wrote. Thank you @BeingSalmanKhan bhai for reaching out to 5000 families in your own special way on the occasion of Eid and spreading happiness...Humans like you balance the society,Thank you for the Eid kits distributed to one and all...special way of bhai wishing Eid !!! pic.twitter.com/7oTPPeXZMv Rahul.N.Kanal (@Iamrahulkanal) May 24, 2020 Thank you @BeingSalmanKhan bhai for reaching out to 5000 families in your own special way on the occasion of Eid and spreading happiness...Humans like you balance the society,Thank you for the Eid kits distributed to one and all...special way of bhai wishing Eid !!! pic.twitter.com/7oTPPeXZMv This kit comprises of everything needed to make Sheer korma for more than 50 people...just a proud feeling to share that Being Haangryy has reached out to 25,000 families with dey ration and 5000 families with Eid kits given out by bhaiThank you for making me a part of this team Rahul.N.Kanal (@Iamrahulkanal) May 24, 2020 This kit comprises of everything needed to make Sheer korma for more than 50 people...just a proud feeling to share that Being Haangryy has reached out to 25,000 families with dey ration and 5000 families with Eid kits given out by bhaiThank you for making me a part of this team Earlier, Salman launched a food truck - Being Haangryy - to ensure that the less-privileged are not faced with starvation. The truck has been moving around the city of Mumbai, providing large bags of ration to the needy. Also see: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch Salman has also provided financial aid to 25,000 daily wage workers of the film and television industries. He took their account numbers from the Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) and transferred money. Meanwhile, Salman also had another treat in store for his fans on Eid. He released a new song titled Bhai Bhai, which promoted the message of communal harmony. Sung by the actor himself, the video was shot with minimal crew at his farmhouse in Panvel. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/fan-asks-sonu-sood-to-reunite-him-with-girlfriend-in-bihar-actor-says-spending-time-apart-can-be-good-it-ll-be-an-acid-test/story-w30H5m3HR1Wd3ok2QsGb2I.html</url>
<title>Fan asks Sonu Sood to reunite him with girlfriend in Bihar, actor says spending time apart can be good: Itll be an acid test</title>
<body >A day after he was asked to help a fan procure some alcohol during the lockdown, Sonu Sood has been asked to reunite a man with his girlfriend. The actor has been helping migrant labourers travel back to their home states from Maharashtra. On Tuesday, a Twitter user wrote to Sonu, Bhaiya, girlfriend se hi milwa dijiye. Bihar hi jaana hai. (Brother, help me get to my girlfriend, shes in Bihar). To this, Sonu humorously responded, Thode din door reh ke dekh le bhai, sache pyaar ki pareeksha bhi ho jayegi (Try to stay apart for a few days bro, itll be the acid test for your relationship).         ..          https://t.co/mD7JEMgD3q sonu sood (@SonuSood) May 25, 2020         ..          https://t.co/mD7JEMgD3q Sonu has been flooded with requests both of a serious and joking nature. Just a day earlier, a fan had written, Sonu bhai main apne ghar me fasa hua hu. Mujhe theke tak pahucha do (Brother, I am stuck at my home, please help me reach a liquor shop). The actor replied, Bhai main theke se ghar tak to pahucha sakta hu, zarurat pade to bol dena (Brother, I can help you reach home from a liquor shop, if you need help do tell me). Also read: Fan tells Sonu Sood hes stuck at home and needs help to visit liquor shop, actors reply leaves Twitter laughing In an interview to Hindustan Times, Sonu spoke about his efforts. It has been an extremely emotional journey for me, as my heart pains to see these migrants staying away from their homes and trying to walk all the way home. I will continue sending migrants home until the last migrant reunites with his family and loved ones. This is something really close to my heart and I will give it my all, he said. Recently, Union minister Smriti Irani and actor Ajay Devgn also praised the actor for helping migrant workers return home amid the ongoing Covid-19 lockdown. Tagging a tweet by Sood in which he asked a migrant to share his number so that he can arrange for his travel back home, Irani said: Ive had the privilege of knowing you as a professional colleague for over 2 decades now @SonuSood and celebrated your rise as an actor ;but the kindness you have displayed in these challenging times makes me prouder still thank you for helping those in need. Praising Sonu for his efforts in sending migrants home, Ajay wrote, The sensitive nature of the work that you are doing with sending migrant workers back to their homes safely is exemplary. More strength to you, Sonu. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/two-arrested-for-raping-minor-in-nerwa/story-6vPFEwCGCTvpyizallExGM.html</url>
<title>Two arrested for raping minor in Nerwa</title>
<body >Two persons were arrested for raping a minor girl in Nerwa here on Tuesday. The Class-7 student was raped by a 40-year-old man on May 8 when she was feeding the cattle in a patch of forest close to her house. On May 10, another 32-year-old man raped her in the same woods. The girl told her parents about the sexual assaults, after which her parents filed a complaint through the Gudiya Helpline. Subsequently, the police arrested the accused. Chopal deputy superintendent of police (DSP) said a case had been registered under Sections 376 (rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/iit-north-texas-varsity-develop-magnesium-alloy-which-can-replace-steel-aluminium-in-automobiles/story-0Tt1nRQSSocwSbEppgKV8N.html</url>
<title>IIT, North Texas varsity develop magnesium alloy which can replace steel, aluminium in automobiles</title>
<body >Researchers at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras, the University of North Texas and the US Army Research Laboratory have developed an engineered magnesium alloy which can replace steel and aluminium alloys in the automobile industry making vehicles more fuel efficient. The researchers say the current industrial application of wrought magnesium alloys in structural components is very limited due to their poor strength, poor ductility, yield strength asymmetry and lack of high strain rate superplasticity despite their density being two-third of aluminium and one-quarter of steel. According to Sushanta Kumar Panigrahi, Associate Professor at Department of Mechanical Engineering, IIT Madras, the new engineered alloy is strong, highly ductile and its superplasticity is achieved at higher strain-rates which reduces overall manufacturing time, effort and costs.    In addition to this, it is also lightweight, which helps lower the carbon footprint of vehicles. Lightweight vehicles need lesser fuel to run and are therefore more fuel efficient. In view of the compelling needs for economical usage of scarce energy resources and ever-stricter control over emissions to lower environmental impact, automotive and aerospace industries are searching for alternative advanced light-weight structural materials to existing conventional materials. Being one of the lightest and energy-efficient structural materials, magnesium alloys are potential candidates to replace steel and aluminium alloys in automotive and aerospace components since their density is two-thirds of aluminium and one-quarter of steel, Panigrahi said. The research has also been published in the reputed peer-reviewed journal Material Research Letters. For the research, the scientists used a magnesium alloy containing rare earth elements like Gadolinium (Gd), Yttrium (Y) and Zirconium (Zr). The alloy was subjected to a thermo-mechanical processing technique (severe plastic deformation and ageing treatment) to obtain an ultrafine-grained version of this magnesium alloy. Thereafter, the team engineered the nano-precipitates and thermally stable ultrafine intermetallic compounds in the ultra-fine-grained magnesium alloy.    According to the team, through this technique, the group was able to achieve the highest combination of strength-ductility and highest high strain rate superplasticity among all the existing magnesium alloys reported in the literature to date. We are also trying to increase the load-bearing capacity of metals and alloys through microstructural engineering and processing of metals. After this feat, the team is all set to apply the same strategy of processing to other known magnesium alloys and metallic alloys with the intention of obtaining highly efficient stronger materials with superior performance, Panigrahi said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/give-due-recognition-to-balbir-singh-sr-former-hockey-players-to-govt/story-kVk6v6ymahZmDMmvxaVGYJ.html</url>
<title>Give due recognition to Balbir Singh Sr: Former hockey players to govt</title>
<body >Indias hockey stalwarts feel that the late Balbir Singh Sr did not get the recognition he merited in his lifetime and the three-time Olympic gold-winning centre-forward should be bestowed with a posthumous national honour to make up for it.  Indian hockey witnessed an end of an era on Monday when Singh died at a hospital in Mohali at the age of 96 after battling multiple health issues for over two weeks. While Major Dhyan Chand, considered the father of Indian hockey, showed his mastery with the hockey stick in a colonised India, the post-independence era belonged to Singh. Dhyan Chand was bestowed with many honours in his life, but a Padma Shri, Indias fourth highest civilian award in 1957, was all that Singh got in his lifetime. Both Dada Dhyan Chand and Balbir Singh were stalwarts of Indian sports. Both have achieved equally in terms of records so if Dhyan Chand is the father of Indian hockey, Balbir is the uncle, captain of the 1975 World Cup-winning team Ajit Pal Singh told PTI. We somehow gave due respect to Dhyan Chand by naming the National Stadium in his name besides celebrating his birthday as National Sports Day or say naming Dhyan Chand award after him but Balbir Singh never got the recognition he deserved. What he got was a Padma Shri but I feel both deserve to be honoured with Bharat Ratna. Why not? They are our national heroes who have been inspiring a generation of sportspersons and will continue to do so, he added. Three Olympic gold medals (1948, 1952, and 1956) as a player and captain, a world cup gold as manager and to-this-date the highest individual scorer in an Olympic final (1952, Helsinki) -- Singh is widely considered the best centre-forward of all time and to many experts and fans the man who took forward the original wizards legacy. Balbir Singh was a true inspiration for all of us. He and Dada Dhayan Chand had no comparison, both were greats in their own times. I feel Balbir Singh didnt get due honour, said Dhyan Chands son Ashok Kumar, who played a key role in Indias 1975 World Cup win. He was only bestowed with a Padma Shri, but he should at least have been give Padma Vibhusan, he added. Another former India hockey captain Dilip Tirkey also urged the government to consider Singh for at least the Padma Vibhusan posthumously for his stellar achievements in the field of sports. It is very sad that Balbir Singh ji is no more with us but as a nation we can still give him his due recognition. People like Dhyan Chand, Balbir Singh are born once and it is our duty not to neglect their achievements, Tirkey told PTI. People like Dhyan Chand and Balbir Singh are our national treasure. The government still can pull back and study their achievements and records and honour them accordingly, he added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/2020-the-year-of-despair-is-the-year-of-reckoning-for-wwe-superstar-otis/story-ZbMy34BS4xcKVS68CsklhL.html</url>
<title>2020: The year of despair is the year of reckoning for WWE superstar Otis</title>
<body >This year has seen a lot of misery for the majority of the population on earth with bushfires, deadly diseases, environmental changes, and ideological wars playing a dominant role in the first half of 2020. The novel coronavirus has brought down countries to its knees with millions of people getting infected. 2020 hasnt been kind to many. However, there is one wrestler who will remember 2020 as a momentous year. The year that everyone wants gone, is the year Otis Dozovic will remember forever. He came up from NXT as part of the tag team Heavy Machinery and quickly captured the imagination of the WWE Universe. Otis and Tucker were the fan favourites but failed to win any championships. However, Otis continued to entertain the audience with his peculiar charisma and unique wrestling skills. The storyline of Otis and Mandy Roses love story became a big part of WrestleMania 36. But the things that surprised the fans and critics was his victory in the Money in the Bank ladder match. With this win, Otis firmly established himself in the WWE. He always had the support of the fans and now he had the backing of Vince McMahon. So what are Otis thoughts on 2020 becoming a year of reckoning for him? It has been crazy. A rollercoaster ride. The biggest thing in wrestling is momentum and I just want to get the things rolling. If you would have told me in 2019 that Heavy Machinerys Otis will get the opportunity to catch the briefcase, I wouldnt have believed it. I was a rookie in the match and you dont know what comes in at the match, Otis told Hindustan Times in an exclusive interview. I always believe that the harder you keep punching, you are going to get something back. It could be 10 years or even tomorrow. Luck is also an important part of life, specially for a blue-collared solid man like myself. My mentality has always been to get things done sooner rather than later in terms of work ethic. I dont have a plan to how to cash it in but I am a good man. I am not going to do it as some people have done it in the past, like when wrestlers are down and out. I am going to do it when the guy is fresh. One of the biggest weapons in Otis arsenal is the caterpillar. The WWE Universe erupts as soon as Otis starts his move. He recalls how the caterpillar started and when it caught on with the audience. Otis Dozovic's Caterpillar:a reference to Scotty 2 Hotty's The Worm and also the name of a company that makes heavy machinery10/10 would wordplay again pic.twitter.com/O5tz5h6wFE Maffew (@Maffewgregg) January 22, 2019 Otis Dozovic's Caterpillar:a reference to Scotty 2 Hotty's The Worm and also the name of a company that makes heavy machinery10/10 would wordplay again pic.twitter.com/O5tz5h6wFE It started a long time ago with school dances. It was really hard for me to talk to girls. I was sitting there by myself during a school dance in 4th grade. I watched Scotty Too Hotty do the worm and he was one of my favourite. So I just made up my mind and did that move and the whole place went crazy. Even as a small chubby kid, it was impressive for myself to do that move. Nowadays it plays as such a great tribute to Scotty and we cannot call it the worm any more as I am more plum than a worm. So I used to call it the caterpillar. The popularity was slow, nothing gets popular overnight. Earlier it was like what is he doing. But now its crazy. That is why I really miss the crowd. Every time I do the big squisher and the guy falls, the place goes crazy. Fans keep showing us love and I cant thank them enough for that. They give me the energy to do that at the end of the match, it picked up slowly like the character Otis. It is what is like being a professional wrestler. You do what is given and hope that the fans love what they see. I just being who I am and I am blessed to be in the position. Watch Otis in action every Saturday live on WWE SmackDown on Sony Ten 1 and Sony Ten 3 channels from 5.30 am IST and other WWE Blockbusters daily at 8.00 pm </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/man-murders-live-in-partner-in-haridwar-stuffs-body-in-suitcase-say-cops/story-cO6VJvOrGO14iUNHE9UebP.html</url>
<title>Man murders live-in partner in Haridwar, stuffs body in suitcase, say cops</title>
<body >A 26-year-old man from Bihar allegedly murdered his 23-year-old live-in partner in Haridwar by strangulating her, stuffed her body in a suitcase before fleeing with her friend, police said The deceased was a resident of Madhya Pradesh. Both the man and the woman used to work in the same company in Haridwar. Both the man and the womans friend are absconding. The incident happened on Friday but came to light late Sunday night after neighbours informed the police about a foul smell coming out of the couples apartment which was locked from outside, Kamlesh Upadhyay, superintendent of police Haridwar (city) said, During the investigation, police found that the woman, a resident of Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh was in a relationship with the accused and was living with him. The accused is from Vaishali district in Bihar. Upadhyay said, Both first used to work together in Gwalior where they developed a relationship and later shifted to Delhi last year where they joined the same e-commerce company. Later in December last year, both along with about 90 others from their company shifted to the industrial unit of State Industrial Development Corporation of Uttarakhand Limited in Haridwar. The whole group started living in the same residential area where the man and the woman also rented an apartment. The accused started getting close with another woman in his building which increased problems between him and the deceased. On Friday, while the two were in their apartment, the accused strangled her to death. He then stuffed her body in a suitcase in an effort to hide it and fled after locking the apartment, said Upadhyay. The police officer said during the probe, the other woman was also found to be missing which suggested that she must have fled with the man. Another police officer privy to the probe on the condition of anonymity said, The neighbours had said that on Friday, the man had put loud music in his apartment so that the womans screams were not heard. He murdered that night. Police found some clues about the whereabouts of the other woman. On Tuesday we have found clues about the whereabouts of the woman and will soon nab her to know about the prime accused. Investigations are on in the case and the two will be nabbed soon, said Upadhyay. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/ht-city-spotlight-beating-lockdown-gloom-like-a-boss/story-saqyO6rRkTMUZskfJiITdM.html</url>
<title>HTCity spotlight:Beating lockdown gloom like a boss</title>
<body >Covid-19 has been particularly cruel to the older generation. The isolation from loved ones is taxing for senior citizens who live alone. As we devote this fortnight to the care of the elderly, we talk to people who are using this time to renew their hobbies. They share tips on how the elderly can get through the lockdown with a smile! Kathak exponent Shovana Narayan, 69, says, This period can help you learn new avenues of communication. Since my students wanted online dance classes, I familiarised myself with Facebook Live and Instagram Live. Art can be immensely healing and you dont have to be a professional to pick up the brush, says artist Sanjay Bhattarcharya, 62. Artworks inspired by nature kept me busy. Art has a therapeutic effect, he says. Publisher Karan Puri, 69, says, Reading has kept  me happy. Its an asset to maintain emotional and intellectual equilibrium. I   read Tuesdays with Morrie again in the lockdown and would suggest others to read it, too. Even dressing up can boost your mood, says model Sapna Dutta, 62. Ive been dressing up, putting on makeup and clicking my own pictures! If you have not been into selfies, just put on your perfect smile and create some self-portraits,  she says. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/congress-leader-demands-more-contingents-of-army-to-help-cyclone-ravaged-bengal/story-g9DNMzJ8emiBlV1D07WqsN.html</url>
<title>Congress leader demands more contingents of Army to help cyclone-ravaged Bengal</title>
<body >Congress leader in the Lok Sabha, Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, has written a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking more contingents of Army for West Bengal, which has been ravaged by Cyclone Amphan. In the letter, Chowdhury has said that the West Bengal administration has miserably failed to cope with this disastrous situation. Out of desperation, Chowdhury starts his letter, I do like to draw your kind attention that there is no tangible improvement of post-Amphan devastation in West Bengal, which has already assumed catastrophic dimension. He then describes the situation and says there is no electricity in large parts of the state including capital Kolkata. He also says that there is acute shortage of drinking water and there are fears of water contamination. Chowdhury is an MP from Berhampore in West Bengal. He has served as the president of the Bengal unit of the Congress. At least five columns of the Army were pressed into service in Kolkata last week at the request of the state government to help in road clearances, along with teams of the National Disaster Response Force and State Disaster Response Force. The National Disaster Response Force had earlier said they were putting together 10 more teams to help the state. The state already has 26 NDRF teams in the cyclone affected areas of Bengal. The Centre had also released Rs 1,000 crore to the West Bengal government, as announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he visited the state on Friday last week to take stock of the devastation caused by the cyclone. Cyclone Amphan, the most severe storm in the Bay of Bengal since the super cyclone of 1999, made landfall around 20km east of Sagar Island in the Sunderbans on Wednesday last week, cutting off road links, snapping telecommunications and power lines. It killed about 86 people in West Bengal including about 15 in state capital Kolkata. The Bengal government had earlier in the day asked the railways ministry to stop the Shramik Special trains from reaching the state till May 26, pointing that the district administration was already stretched to its limits. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/supreme-court-seeks-rbi-response-on-loan-interest-waiver/story-UrrYMAUiTIqPPlXy4LDUVP.html</url>
<title>Supreme Court seeks RBI response on plea that seeks loan interest waiver</title>
<body >The decision of banks to charge interest at a time when there is a moratorium on payment of equated monthly installments or EMIs has come under judicial scanner. The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Centre and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to respond to a petition which termed such a move as unconstitutional. The court will hear the matter next week. With offices and shops closed on account of lockdown, the RBI had on March 27 ordered a three-month moratorium till May 31 on EMIs. It was meant to ease the financial burden on borrowers during the lockdown. This period was further extended till August 31 by a recent RBI circular. Borrowers who availed this facility were in for a rude shock as the lending banks informed them that the interest during this period (March-August) will get added to their loan amount. This would prolong the loan installments. Alternatively, the borrowers could get their interest component increased. Faced with this fate, an Uttar Pradesh resident approached the Supreme Court to challenge this decision of the banks. In his petition, Gajendra Sharma told the court that since the lockdown is in place, there is no means for citizens to earn a livelihood. Sharma has an optical shop in Agra and had availed of a home loan of over Rs 37 lakh from ICICI Bank. Sharmas petition said, In the present scenario, when all the means of livelihood has been curtailed by the Government of India by imposition of complete lockdown pan-India, due to worldwide outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic and the petitioner being a citizen of India has no way to continue his work and earn livelihood, imposition of interest during the moratorium will defeat the purpose of permitting moratorium on loans. The bench of justices Ashok Bhushan, SK Kaul and MR Shah issued notice to the Centre and RBI on the petition and posted the matter for hearing next week. The petitioner argued that imposition of interest during the moratorium period is completely devastating and wrong as the decision of the RBI recognises the hardship faced by borrowers in the context of a national lockdown. It may be recalled that in April, the apex court had refused to entertain a petition seeking similar relief. The court had dismissed the case as it was not filed by an affected party. Sharma claimed to be directly affected by the levy of interest and claimed to be unable to repay his loan. The petitioner is a resident of Dayal Bagh in Agra and stated his annual income to be less than rupees seven lakh. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/actor-prithviraj-lands-in-kochi-after-being-stranded-in-jordan-for-2-monthsvideo/video-mZbBffkhkykRg13h57cM8L.html</url>
<title>Actor Prithviraj lands in Kochi after being stranded in Jordan for 2 months</title>
<body >Malayalam actor Prithviraj Sukumaran and the 58-member crew of his upcoming film Aadujeevitham landed in Kochi. The actor along with the crew members were stranded in Jordan for over two months due to Covid-19 lockdown. In a video, Prithviraj and the crew members are seen coming out of Cochin International Airport. The video was released by Ernakulam district administration. As part of Vande Bharat Mission phase II, the team headed from Jordan on May 21. The team of Aadujeevitham was brought back on a special Air India flight. All of them will be quarantined for seven days as a preventive measure. Director Blessy and his team members were shooting in Jordans Wadi Rum desert. Aadujeevitham is based on critically-acclaimed eponymous 2008 novel about an abused migrant worker in Saudi Arabia. The film also stars Amala Paul as the leading lady. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/grandpa-builds-rollercoaster-for-grandson-in-the-backyard-watch/story-hxRek1SphkvXyk0AQLKUUN.html</url>
<title>Grandpa builds rollercoaster for grandson in the backyard. Watch</title>
<body >Hand this man the best grandfather trophy already. He built his grandson the most adorable rollercoaster in the familys backyard and a video of the kid enjoying the special swing is bringing joy to thousands watching. Their video on Twitter has collected nearly 6 million views and counting. The video has been shared by Twitter user @hunnitbandbria. Why my dad outside building my son a roller coaster, she tweeted first followed by a video of the two while the ride was still a work in progress. Its not done but they having the time of their lives, she captioned her video. Watch the duo enjoy the special rollercoaster. Chances are youll wish you had a rollercoaster like this or someone who would help you build one just like this grandpa. its not done but they having the time of they lives https://t.co/hl5lrg5TSM pic.twitter.com/F8TUnlvJFp k (@HUNNITBANDBRIA) May 21, 2020 its not done but they having the time of they lives https://t.co/hl5lrg5TSM pic.twitter.com/F8TUnlvJFp The duo now has their own Instagram page called Nugget and his Bubbie. Theyre rightfully described as the roller coaster grandpa and his sidekick Nugget. A more recent video shows Nugget on the finished ride. View this post on Instagram           All done!  A post shared by  Nugget and his Bubbie  (@bubbieandnugget) on May 23, 2020 at 5:39pm PDT All done!  A post shared by  Nugget and his Bubbie  (@bubbieandnugget) on May 23, 2020 at 5:39pm PDT Meanwhile, people cannot stop praising the granddad for his sweet gesture. Along with the millions of views, the video has also collected over 3.1 lakh likes and more than 57,000 retweets. The comments on the post are proof of how much tweeple love this bond. This is the sweetest thing I have seen all week, says a Twitter user. Your dad just won the best grandpa award, adds another. So awesome! Will you adopt me? asks a third. Phineas and Ferb in real, posts a forth. Id be in the backyard just like this. pic.twitter.com/GnvRB4hXeh Dee Holt  (@D_1andOnly_) May 22, 2020 Id be in the backyard just like this. pic.twitter.com/GnvRB4hXeh Me waiting for my turn pic.twitter.com/IbgcTW8gMe UnRooolie (@unrooolie) May 22, 2020 Me waiting for my turn pic.twitter.com/IbgcTW8gMe All we can say is that Nugget is lucky to have a Bubbie like this. What do you think of the video? Also Read | Malaysian familys Eid greetings dance video is bound to make you smile </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/delhi-greenlights-11-containment-zones-finds-new-covid-19-hotposts/story-WJlZKOcfj9fPRYCC0gVqgM.html</url>
<title>In Delhis new Covid-19 figures, continuing concern and a silver lining</title>
<body >Eleven Covid-19 containment zones have turned green in the national capital Delhi over the last four days, a sign that the steps taken by authorities to curtail the spread of the disease in the coronavirus hotspots were effective in many places, a senior city government official told Hindustan Times. The locations that have emerged out of the containment zones include Nawabganj area in the central district, home to nearly 6,500 people. Besides, it also includes south districts Sangam Vihar and Deoli Extension in Saket, Khirki extension and Chirag Delhis Jain Mohalla and the police colony in north districts Model Town police colony. The exclusion of these containment zones, however, has not reduced their total number because Covid-19 cases continue to be reported from new locations apart from some of the hotspots. The city still has 90 active containment zones, more or less the figure a few days earlier. Of these, 50 are in the red and have reported cases over the last fortnight. But this also implies that approximately a dozen containment zones that were in the red have been moved to the orange category did not report a single case over the last fortnight and were classified as orange, a second government official said. Delhi has added over 400 Covid-19 patients over the past 24 hours to push the national capitals Covid-19 count closer to the 15,000-mark. Also, 12 more people died of the disease. In all, the city has lost 288 lives due to the coronavirus cases. The citys Covid-19 count stands at 14,465. Nearly 48% of them have already recovered. 183 more were reported to have been cured in the last 24 hours. Of the remaining 7,223, only about 2,092 are being treated at government and private hospitals. The rest are mild cases and told to stay home in isolation. But there are 185 patients who have had to be admitted to the intensive care unit for treatment, another 27 are on ventilators. Officials suggest that the fluctuations in the daily reported cases were on expected lines. That the city needs to get used to the idea of the virus around is a point that has been repeatedly made by Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, who underscored that he would get worried only if there is a sharp spike in the number of deaths. Or a spike in the number of patients requiring hospitalisation or intensive care. That could lead to a collapse of the health infrastructure system. But it is not so Most cases that are surfacing these days are those of patients with either mild or no symptoms, which are not required to be admitted in hospital, Kejriwal, who has been working closely with Lt Governor Anil Baijal, said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/on-this-day-when-ganguly-dravid-took-apart-sri-lanka-in-taunton/story-tRE9cCi1cKLYLFmDh7RnhL.html</url>
<title>On This Day: When Ganguly  Dravid took apart Sri Lanka in Taunton</title>
<body >India might not have fared according to expectations in the 1999 ICC World Cup but the tournament gave the team two future superstars. Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid announced themselves on the global stage and took the tournament by storm. India started the tournament with back to back losses against South Africa and Zimbabwe and needed to win all their group matches thereafter to hold any chance of moving to the Super Six stage. After an easy win over Kenya they met defending champions Sri Lanka in a crunch encounter in Taunton exactly 21 years ago. India were put into bat by Arjuna Ranatunga and that is a decision he was going to regret. READ | Young Sri Lanka pacer Shehan Madushanka detained for possession of heroin After the early loss of opener Sadagopan Ramesh, the duo of Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid put the innings back on track. They batted patiently at first, getting the bad balls away to keep a healthy run rate up. The carnage began in the death overs as Ganguly went for the jugular, hitting big sixes. Rahul Dravid too kept the runs flowing with his elegant shots down the ground as both batsmen brought up their respective centuries. Dravid would eventually be run out for 145, as the 318-run partnership came to an end. He had hit 17 fours and a six in his 129-ball knock. Ganguly continued the attack and at one point was poised to break Gary Kirstens then highest World Cup score of 188* runs. He would eventually be dismissed for 183 runs off 158 balls. Ganguly hit 17 boundaries and 7 sixes in his knock. Indias total of 373/6 is its second highest total in ICC World Cup history. Azharuddins team won the match easily as a five-wicket haul from Robin Singh helped India dismiss Sri Lanka for 216. The 318-run partnership between Ganguly and Dravid is the fourth best stand in the history of ODI cricket. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/oil-prices-climb-as-faith-in-supply-cuts-grows/story-2tPJ4fDmFtUXBwJVadTGjK.html</url>
<title>Oil prices climb as faith in supply cuts grows</title>
<body >Oil prices rose on Tuesday, supported by growing confidence that producers are following through on commitments to cut crude supplies while fuel demand picks up with more cars back on the road as coronavirus lockdowns ease. Brent crude futures were up nearly 1.4 per cent, or 50 cents to $36.03 a barrel as of 0840 GMT. US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures was up 2.6 per cent, or 86 cents, at $34.11 a barrel. There was no WTI settlement on Monday because of the US Memorial Day holiday. The market was buoyed by comments from Russia that its oil output had dropped almost to its target of 8.5 million barrels per day (bpd) for May and June under the supply cut deal agreed by major producers (OPEC+). OPEC+ countries are set to meet again in early June to discuss maintaining their supply cuts to shore up prices, which are still down about 45 per cent since the start of the year. The worlds major producers, including Saudi Arabia and Russia, agreed in April to cut their collective output by nearly 10 million bpd for May and June. Russias energy ministry on Monday quoted minister Alexander Novak as saying a rise in fuel demand should help cut a global surplus of about 7 million to 12 million bpd by June or July. Russia is clearly committed to continued cuts also in H2-20 so the upcoming OPEC+ meeting on the 9th of June is unlikely to be a bearish surprise like the one that fell apart on the 6th of March, SEB chief commodities strategist Bjarne Schieldrop said. Data from energy services firm Baker Hughes, meanwhile, showed the US rig count hit a record low of 318 in the week to May 22, also indicating lower output in the future. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 15:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/goa-may-issue-separate-sop-for-travellers-from-maharashtra-cm-pramod-sawant/story-xHy7MPbhEwbW4N1uGlg6EI.html</url>
<title>Goa may issue separate SOP for travellers from Maharashtra: CM Pramod Sawant</title>
<body >Goa chief minister Pramod Sawant indicated on Tuesday the government will issue separate guidelines for people arriving in the state from Maharashtra, which has the maximum number of cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) in the country. We are thinking of bringing in a different set of SOP for people who will be coming from Maharashtra as 90% of the [Covid-19] patients in Goa are from Maharashtra, Pramod Sawant was quoted as saying by news agency ANI. The comment came after 11 people, who arrived from Mumbai on Saturday on the Rajdhani Express, reported positive for Covid-19. Goa has so far registered 67 cases of the coronavirus disease, all of whom arrived in the state within the last two weeks after inter-state travel restrictions were eased. Out of the 67 patients, 19 have recovered. Another person tested Covid-19 positive on Monday. The patient travelled with another person who came to Goa and tested positive two days ago. Vishwajit Rane, Goas health minister, had said on Sunday that he will request the chief minister to implement stringent measure to curb the spread of the coronavirus disease. In view of upsurge of cases in the state via railways, roadways and others, I will be meeting the Honble Chief Minister @DrPramodPSawant to brief him on the present status in order to curb the rising cases. We will be requesting Honble CM to implement stringent measures (sic), Rane had tweeted on Sunday. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 15:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/lead-cadmium-found-in-foodgrain-grown-around-jojari-river-in-jodhpur-claims-study/story-QLccIxkvNWNOySko3UbhZI.html</url>
<title>Lead, cadmium found in foodgrain grown around Jojari river in Jodhpur, claims study</title>
<body >A recent study has revealed that the foodgrain being grown around rainy river Jojari in Rajasthans Jodhpur has presence of heavy metals like lead, cadmium etc. And the levels are much higher than the permissible limit prescribed by the World Health organisation (WHO). The study was carried out by the Department of Chemistry of Jai Narayan Vyas University with support from the University Grant Commission (UGC). The team of experts from the university analysed wheat, pearl millet, sorghum, barley, corn, moong, pigeon pea, red lentil and split chickpea lentil grown in the area with atomic absorption spectrophotometre. Due to water scarcity, many farmers are using industrial effluents from tie and dye printing, steel products manufacturing and textile industries for growing different foodgrain. We have reported an analysis of heavy metal contents in foodgrain grown in the agricultural fields of Jodhpur around the Jojari. We have collected samples from various sites around the river where industrial effluents are thrown without treatment and are readily used by the farmers, university professor Pallavi Mishra, who led the study, said. Jojari flows from the North-East to South-West, 83 km from the hills near Pondlu village in Nagaur district. Before it meets the Luni river near Khejalda Khurd in Jodhpur district, small streams join the Jojari in the upper part. Continuous effluent water irrigation of agricultural land has caused a large build-up of poisonous heavy metals in the effluent irrigated soil as well as in the foodgrain and vegetables grown here. The metal ion concentrations obtained in our samples were compared with the permissible limits as prescribed by WHO and FAO. After carrying out sample testing of different grains, we found alarmingly high concentrations of cadmium, lead, zinc, nickel, copper and chromium. The concentrations of six heavy metals in study were found to be well above the standards specified by the WHO and Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), she added. In Rajasthan, cereals and millets are the major source of nutrients and the most commonly consumed food. Approximately 85 per cent of the population is vegetarian and mainly survives on millets, cereals and pulses. Indira Gandhi canal water is the main source of potable water and agricultural produce in the area. Rain is observed only in the monsoon season; drought-like condition prevails in rest of the months. Due to water scarcity, industrial effluents and sewage water is used for irrigation in many areas of Jodhpur, especially around the Jojari River which has become a dumping ground for all kinds of waste water. Even a slightly high concentration of these metals is dangerous for human beings and animals. An increasing number of cancer cases, gastrointestinal problems, skin problems in people living in the areas from where samples were collected have also been reported, said professor Mishra. Consultant Physician Dr Sawai Jain said that heavy metals are harmful to human health. Such foodgrain, when consumed by people, may cause cancer, skin allergies, peptic ulcers and acidity. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 15:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/sariska-s-tiger-population-goes-up-to-20-with-three-new-cubs/story-Ei0gIzhglyiTAo4B58MkSN.html</url>
<title>Sariskas tiger population goes up to 20 with three new cubs</title>
<body >The number of tigers in Rajasthans Sariska Tiger Reserve (STR) has gone up to 20 with the birth of three cubs recently. Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot took to Twitter to hail the good news. Amid Corona concern, tigress ST-12 gives good news. Three new cubs have been camera trapped in Sariska Tiger Reserve. Now there are 20 tigers in year 2020 in #Sariska. My wish is to see the wild life thrives in state, he tweeted. In March 2020, after a two year wait, Sariska tigress ST-10 and her cub was spotted in the Talvriksh range. STR now has 20 big cats, of which 11 are female, 5 male and rest cubs. STR Field Director, Ghanshyam Prasad Sharma, said this is the second litter of three cubs of 6-year-old ST-12  the cubs are three months old. In 2018, she had given birth to three cubs which dispersed after they became adults. This year has been good for the Reserve as five tigers  three cubs of ST-12 and two of ST-14 became adults while four cubs have been born, said Sharma. He also said that after a long time, two tigers ST-18 (son of ST-14) and ST-19 (daughter of ST-12) have started moving in the buffer zone. Former Indian Forest Service officer and president of Sariska Tiger Foundation, Sunayan Sharma welcomed the news of the new cubs. STR is certainly a potential habitat and can support a good number of big cat population. The current number of 20 can increase up to 35 but for that we need to reduce grazing in and outside the Reserve, he said. Meanwhile, the Ranthambore Tiger Reserve is also expecting cubs from three tigresses, which have not been seen in the last 2-3 months. Tigresses T-19, 102 and 92 either have or would be giving birth to cubs. The three have not been seen for the last 2-3 months, said Manoj Parashar, Field Director, Ranthambore Tiger Reserve </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/watch-vp-duraisamy-joins-bjp-showers-praise-on-pm-modi-s-leadership/video-cqMBNXavqB1ppYI7pw45VO.html</url>
<title>Watch: VP Duraisamy joins BJP, showers praise on PM Modis leadership</title>
<body >Former DMK leader VP Duraisamy joined BJP in the presence of state BJP President L Murugan. He had been removed from the post of DMK Deputy General Secretary on Thursday. After joining the BJP, Duraisamy praised PM Modis leadership and said that he is working for the downtrodden and the poor. He also lauded PM Modis economic package as revolutionary. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-kartik-aaryan-borrowed-hairstylist-s-t-shirt-for-stage-performance-changed-on-the-road-watch/story-m7AOx94upEN7egWvUEuM6K.html</url>
<title>When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch</title>
<body >Actor Kartik Aaryan has revealed how he changed clothes by the roadside for his live performance at the Umang event last year. He has shared a video on his YouTube channel and it shows him borrowing a t-shirt from his hairstylist, which the latter had been wearing all day and changing it on the road. Kartik shared the behind-the-scenes video on his channel with the description, Umang Award function performance went kickass but getting ready for it was much more fun.  It opens with him getting his beard trimmed from his hairstylist, who is seen wearing a black t-shirt which Kartik wore for his dance performance. He then leaves for the event venue in his green Mini Cooper, stops midway and wonders what hes going to wear on stage. He asks his hairstylist for his tee which has a scooter design on it and changes his clothes on road. He even says, Khepcha ki momos ki khushboo aari hai mujhe (I can smell the momos of that stall). A few policemen even spot him in between his changing session  and he greets them with a handshake. He finally gets ready on the road and says Aaj ka din ho gaya (its done for today). He is later seen teasing one of his female team members by throwing the smelly tee on her and she is running out of her van to avoid it. He finally goes on to pair the black tee with shimmery black trousers and a sparkling blue jacket and drives a bike to the stage. Also read: Bhai Bhai: Salman Khan bats for Hindi-Muslim brotherhood in special Eid song. Watch His fans were overjoyed to see such a side of the actor. A fan commented to the video, Thats like a true desi guy, Asking tshirt from friends on last moment! Another wrote, So he literally changes his clothes on d road!!!!! I love ds man. A viewer even revealed, Actually when I saw u in red carpet. I wonder y u were wearing a t-shirt with motorcycle. But did not expect a back story like this. Loving this. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/locusts-are-halal-in-islam-and-other-interesting-facts-about-the-migratory-pests/story-6b7sQnKXr7g4g4XrCJpjyM.html</url>
<title>Locusts are halal in Islam and other interesting facts about the migratory pests</title>
<body >Locusts have invaded western India. The swarms, that entered the country from Pakistan, are spreading like wildfire and have so far invaded five states: Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh. There is an alert for national capital Delhi too. What makes locusts a concern for farmers and agriculturists is that they can eat almost every type of crop and finish an entire field in few hours. But there are some interesting facts about the migratory pests. Here are a few of them:  Locusts are considered halal or lawful food in Islam. According to Salafi Centre in Manchester, locusts are permissible food because it was eaten during the time of the Prophet. The pests were eaten during a military raid, said an authentic hadith, according to Salafi Centre.  The desert locusts, the sub-species of the grasshopper-like pests, originated in Saudi Arabia and is eaten there. Even the Yemenis savour locusts during Ramzan. There are reports that some European travellers had seen people in Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Morocco selling, cooking and eating locusts.  Locust swarms have been recorded in the Arabian peninsula and some African countries since biblical times, but unusual weather patterns exacerbated by climate change have created ideal conditions for insect numbers to surge, scientists say.  These warms have infested 23 countries across East Africa, the Middle East and South Asia in 2020, the biggest outbreak in 70 years, the World Bank said. Last week, the bank approved a record $500 million in grants and low-interest loans to help countries in Africa and the Middle East fight swarms of desert locusts.  Adult desert locust swarms can fly up to 150 km a day with the wind and adult insects can consume roughly their own weight in fresh food per day. A single square kilometre swarm can eat as much food in a day as 35,000 people.  They feed on nearly all green vegetation - leaves, flowers, bark, stems, fruit, and seeds - and crops including millet, rice, maize, sorghum, sugarcane, barley, cotton, fruit trees, date palm, vegetables, rangeland grasses, acacia, pines and banana.  Desert locusts change their behaviour from acting as individuals to becoming part of a group, forming dense and mobile hordes. Swarms can be several hundred square kilometres and extremely dense, with up to 80 million adults in each square kilometre.  The last major infestation was in 2003-2005 when more than 12 million hectares were treated in west and northwest Africa, costing hundreds of millions of dollars, including food aid. Sources: Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations; Government of New South Wales; Victoria State Government; University of Minnesota; Natural Earth; European Space Agency Climate Change Initiative; United States Geological Survey via Famine Early Warning Systems Network; Armed Conflict Location  Event Data Project (ACLED); Reuters </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/amitabh-bachchan-s-guzar-jayega-set-to-be-enlisted-in-the-guinness-book-of-records/story-qAIwuowdTVDlOyZ5fNGFBP.html</url>
<title>Amitabh Bachchans Guzar Jayega set to be enlisted in the Guinness Book of Records</title>
<body >The makers of the recent music video, Guzar Jayega, have applied for the The Guinness Book of Records as the song saw a collaboration between 115 artistes. Bollywood celebs including Amitabh Bachchan, Kapil Sharma, Sunny Leone, Raveena Tandon, among several others featured in the video, which was released earlier in May. Varun Gupta, creator and producer of the song, told Mid-Day in an interview, When we filed the nomination for the Guinness World Records, they asked us about the process we followed to develop and compile the track. We had 115 artistes joining forces for the song, including 65 celebrities who featured in the video, 50 singers and Amitji as the narrator. Its the first time in the history of music that a single language song has witnessed collaboration of 51 singers. We have also applied to the Limca Book of World Records. Varun also said that the record was previously held by Michael Jackson who worked with 40 artistes for We are the World. Also read:  Priyanka Chopra honours army officer parents with throwback pic, Parineeti Chopra call it their best photo The anthem also features singers Sonu Nigam, Shreya Ghoshal and Shaan, among others. The song is composed by Jazim Sharma with lyrics penned by Siddhanth Kaushal.  Brain child of Varun Prabhudayal Gupta and Jay Verma, the track also brings together sports personalities including Sania Mirza, Vijendra Singh, Sushil Kumar, Mahesh Bhupati, Bhaichung Bhutia and Leander Paes. "As the narrative in Bachchan sir's voice goes, 'waqt hi to hai, guzar Jayega (it's just time, it will pass)'. We will have a plethora of emotions to indulge in, and realise there's always a greater sunrise after the darkest of nights. I am happy to be a part of the song where everyone has come together, to communicate that 'this too shall pass'," Shreya had earlier said in a statement. These are testing and difficult times, we all have come together to instil hope and courage through this song Guzar Jayega, we are in this together and this too shall pass, stay home and stay safe, Sunny Leone had said about the project in a statement. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/malaysian-family-s-eid-greetings-dance-video-is-bound-to-make-you-smile/story-RPSR40SAvSCXlXyfoEugoN.html</url>
<title>Malaysian familys Eid greetings dance video is bound to make you smile</title>
<body >Recently many around the world celebrated Eid al-Fitr or Eid. While there are many ways of greeting people on this auspicious occasion, this Malaysian family has come up with a particularly unique way of wishing everyone Eid Mubarak. This just over 30-second-long clip was posted on Twitter by a user named Adam Imanullah on May 24. The video has been shared with a caption that reads, Salam Aidilfitri [celebration day] from my family to yours. As the recording begins, viewers see the Imanullah family dressed fashionably. Adam, his sister, and their parents then start bobbling, with great coordination, to Think About Things, a song by Icelandic musician Dai Freyr and his band Gagnamagni. As the film progresses, the family performs a well-synchronized dance routine to the track. This ensemble isnt the only one to flaunt their dance moves to the song. The Think About Things dance challenge has taken over TikTok with several taking part in the trend. However, this familys groovy vibe may make this the most wholesome video of the challenge. Check it out below: Salam Aidilfitri from my family to yours!  pic.twitter.com/0cp9pO2dIf  (@adamimanullah) May 24, 2020 Salam Aidilfitri from my family to yours!  pic.twitter.com/0cp9pO2dIf Since being shared, the clip has been watched almost 9.5 million times. Additionally, the tweet has accumulated over 1.6 lakh retweets and over 6 lakh likes. Here is how tweeple reacted to the post.One person said Synchronisation on point!!!! I love this so much. While another individual wrote, Lit energy. Many also took this opportunity to share videos of their own families busting out a move. Here is some of the best content from the Twitter thread: Selamat hari raya jugak from ours family  pic.twitter.com/woR91hWPdp nana (@syazanasyariff) May 24, 2020 Selamat hari raya jugak from ours family  pic.twitter.com/woR91hWPdp from ours to yours ayah aku dah gigih weh lompat lastlast kenapa tah dia tu  pic.twitter.com/po1vtp3tkT kesum (@jir4n) May 24, 2020 from ours to yours ayah aku dah gigih weh lompat lastlast kenapa tah dia tu  pic.twitter.com/po1vtp3tkT salam balik dr my family to yours! pic.twitter.com/nkvlYdkCl3 Salsun (@salsabiilaa) May 25, 2020 salam balik dr my family to yours! pic.twitter.com/nkvlYdkCl3 What are your thoughts on these videos? Feeling inspired to learn a dance routine with your loved ones? Also read | A heartwarming note by this sibling duo is bound to make you cry </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/pune-news/pune-airport-handles-17-flights-on-first-day-of-resumption/story-8YB8wgrX8lBFjdlTxbKkfP.html</url>
<title>Pune airport handles 17 flights on first day of resumption</title>
<body >On the first day of resumption of  flight services, the Pune international airport in Maharashtra has handled arrival and departure of 17 scheduled flights by Monday late evening, a senior aviation official said. Domestic passenger flight operations, which remained suspended for two months owing to the nationwide lockdown necessitated by the coronavirus pandemic, resumed on Monday. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage Till Monday late evening, nine flights carrying 672 passengers landed at the Pune airport while eight flights with 985 passengers have taken off, said a Pune Airport Authority official. With services of app-based cab aggregators not available as Pune falls in the Covid red zone, the passengers have been instructed to travel to and from the airport either in their own vehicles or use dial a rickshaw facility, he said. While no arriving passenger was stamped for home quarantine, Pune district collector Naval Kishore Ram said they are awaiting Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) from the government. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/government-should-come-clear-on-ladakh-standoff-with-china-rahul/story-kjLWlyQub4hfcT7HpAz6WI.html</url>
<title>Government should come clear on Ladakh standoff with China: Rahul Gandhi</title>
<body >Former Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday urged the government to come clean on the border standoff with China, saying there should be transparency on the issue. What we would like to see is some more transparency on what is going on. It becomes difficult for us to have a position without understanding the facts. I think the government should make it clear to the people of India what exactly is happening on the border, he told a news conference held through video conference. Indian and Chinese soldiers are engaged in an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation at four locations along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) since early May, and several rounds of talks between local military commanders, including a meeting on Monday, have failed to end the standoff that began with violent clashes between troops from both sides in the Sikkim and Ladakh sectors three weeks ago. The external affairs ministry has rejected Chinas contention that Indian troops trespassed across the LAC, and accused Chinese forces of hindering patrols of the Indian side of the disputed border. China is said to have marshalled more than 5,000 soldiers on its side of the disputed border in Ladakh sector, where India too has sent military reinforcements to strengthen its defences as growing tensions along the LAC threaten to plunge bilateral relations to a new low. Gandhi said, We are hearing different stories. I dont want to go into conjecture and it wont be appropriate for me to comment on it without knowing the details. But it is important that the government of India makes it clear what is happening on the border so that the people can understand and they have a position. Frankly, there is no clarity. What is happening with China in Ladakh or Nepal, there should be transparency. I dont see that transparency. Regarding China, it is a live issue so I dont want to comment on that. I leave that to the wisdom of the government. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/raj-thackeray-opposes-holding-of-final-year-university-exams/story-EPt0hjpHhoFicX3WzVqOHN.html</url>
<title>Raj Thackeray opposes holding of final year university exams</title>
<body >Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray has written to Governor Bhagat Singh Koshiyari, opposing the holding of final year university tests as they could put the lives of students and their families in danger. His letter was sent against the background of a face-off between the Maharashtra government and the governor over holding the final year examinations. The state government wants to cancel the tests because of the Covid-19 crisis, but Koshiyari said such a move will violate the University Grants Commissions (UGC) guidelines. The governor has asked chief minister Uddhav Thackeray to intervene in the matter. Raj Thackeray, in his letter, suggested that Koshiyari should not allow anyone to politicise the issue and the focus should be on the interests of the students. He said that since Koshiyari is the chancellor of universities, he was well aware of the confusion regarding the final year examinations. Since there is no solution in sight and due to this, thousands of students are suffering, I want to bring to notice the plight of the students, said Raj Thackeray. Noting that the situation is turbulent, especially in Mumbai and Pune, he wrote: Then why is there then an unreasonable demand to hold the final year university exams? Why and for whom? He also pointed out that Covid-19 is highly infectious, and said, Keeping this aspect in mind, is it reasonable to ask so many students to step out and sit for the exams? Are they not putting their and their families lives at risk? Raj Thackeray, however, said he was not suggesting that all students should be passed without the tests, but that some other solution should be worked out with the help of experts, such as basing results on semester examinations or internal tests, or giving the students some projects. The drama started on Friday, when Koshyari strongly objected to the state governments recommendation to the UGC to cancel the final year examinations. Koshiyari wrote to the chief minister and said this would amount to a violation of UGC guidelines. Students receiving degrees without undertaking examinations would have adverse impact on their higher studies, gradation and employability, he wrote in his letter. State higher and technical education minister Uday Samant, who first made the demand, questioned Koshiyaris stance, which he said came after the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP)  a student body linked to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS)  supported the holding of examinations. In Goa, the ABVP demanded cancellation of examinations and in Maharashtra, they want examinations to be held. What kind of politics is this? said Sawant, who is Shiv Sena legislator. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/saudi-arabia-to-ease-covid-19-lockdown-from-may-28-with-local-travel-mass-prayers/story-ibFU1Sjf2JiKWnHvt491GP.html</url>
<title>Saudi Arabia to ease Covid-19 lockdown from May 28 with local travel, mass prayers</title>
<body >Saudi Arabia plans to pare back its coronavirus lockdown restrictions this week as it seeks to revive an economy additionally hobbled by the collapse in oil prices. The kingdom will begin a three-phase plan on May 28, state-run SPA reported Tuesday, citing the interior ministry. By the third phase, due to begin by June 21, all restrictions will be lifted to allow a return to normal. Pilgrimages to Mecca and Medina, however, as well as international flights will remain suspended as the rest of the country opens up for mass prayers and domestic travel. Saudi Arabia joins other Gulf neighbours in lifting restrictions. Dubai, a part of the United Arab Emirates, has shortened nightly curbs on movement and allowed businesses such as gyms and cinemas to reopen. Kuwait also announced it wont renew its 24-hour curfew. Saudi Arabia, which gets most of its revenue from crude exports, announced a slew of austerity measures to cope with the impact of the pandemic and the fallout from the collapse in oil prices, tripling value-added tax and cutting cost-of-living allowances for government workers. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-s-mother-hiroo-undergoes-sanitation-procedure-after-two-members-of-house-staff-test-covid-19-positive-watch/story-U4r8kOwHvVoJFrX1AqEFpJ.html</url>
<title>Karan Johars mother Hiroo undergoes sanitation procedure after two members of house staff test Covid-19 positive. Watch</title>
<body >The Johar household is taking all necessary precautions for their safety after two members of their house staff tested positive for Covid-19 on Monday. A new video shared on Instagram shows filmmaker Karan Johars mother Hiroo undergo a sanitation process at her home. In the video, health workers in masks and PPE gear are seen instructing Hiroo to stand in front of a machine that sprays disinfectant. They ask her to turn around to let the liquid get everywhere and she patiently follows their instructions. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on May 25, 2020 at 9:46am PDT A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on May 25, 2020 at 9:46am PDT Earlier on Monday, which also marked his birthday, Karan had shared a note on his staff testing positive. The 48-year-old director put out a statement on Twitter. Id like to inform you that 2 members of our household staff have tested positive for Covid-19. As soon as the symptoms were detected, they were put under quarantine in a section of our building. The BMC was informed immediately, and the building has been fumigated and sterilised by them as per the norms. He also informed that his family was safe and showed no symptoms of the disease. The rest of us in the family and the staff are all safe and display no symptoms. We have all taken the swab test this morning and have tested negative, but will remain in self-isolation for the next 14 days for the safety of everyone around us. We stand by our commitment to safeguard everyone and have ensured that all measures prescribed by the authorities have been strictly adhered to, the statement further read. pic.twitter.com/mjcsXZcQ0w Karan Johar (@karanjohar) May 25, 2020 pic.twitter.com/mjcsXZcQ0w Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch The director announced that he will ensure that the best treatment and care is provided to the affected staff during the illness. We will also ensure that the best treatment and care is provided to them during the illness, and were sure that they will be fighting fit soon! said Karan in the statement. Urging people to stay at home, amid the Covid-19 outbreak, he informed, These are difficult times but by staying in our homes and taking the right precautions, there is no doubt in my mind that we can defeat this virus. Stay home everyone and stay safe. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-facing-result-of-failed-lockdown-rahul-gandhi-attacks-centre/story-i3PEYNIqsAJRrjWHrNdxIN.html</url>
<title>India facing result of failed lockdown: Rahul Gandhi attacks Centre</title>
<body >Continuing his attack on Central government amid a growing number of Covid-19 cases, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday said that the country is facing the result of a failed lockdown. While conducting a live interaction with reporters Gandhi said, India is the only country where the virus is exponentially rising and we are removing the lockdown. The aim and purpose of the lockdown have failed. India is facing the result of a failed lockdown. He further said that the Congress party wants to understand the next step of the government. Now we want to understand the next strategy of the government as four phases of the lockdown have not produced the result that the Prime Minister expected, he said. The Congress leader said that the Prime Minister and his entire advisory staff including top medical people said that the virus will start reducing towards the end of May and now it is clear that the disease is not reducing. The Prime Minister and his entire advisory staff including top medical people said that the disease would start to reduce towards the end of May and now it is clear that the disease is not reducing, it is increasing, he said. A few days ago, Gandhi had conducted a live interaction in which he had said that Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharamans daily press conferences were only adding to the confusion, making India increasingly sceptical and restless. He also suggested that the Centre consider the list of recommendations prepared by his party for the governments economic stimulus package. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/flood-alert-for-assam-exceptionally-heavy-rain-likely-in-meghalaya-and-arunachal-pradesh/story-KwWXSe0N1qoTNjHp8pcVUN.html</url>
<title>Flood alert for Assam, heavy rain likely in Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh</title>
<body >The Central Water Commission (CWC) has issued a severe flood situation alert for the Brahmaputra river in Assams Neamati Ghat and Jiabharali in Jorhat and Sonitpur districts, respectively. Parts of Assam and neighbouring Meghalaya have been receiving extremely heavy rains since May 20 after super cyclone Amphan weakened. The highest flood level for the Brahmaputra in the Jorhat stretch is 87.37 metres and the current level is 85.78 metre. In Jiabharali, the highest flood level is 78.5 metres and the current level is 77.36 metres. Beki in Barpeta; Lohit in Tinsukia and the Dibrugarh stretch of the Brahmaputra and many of its tributaries have also recorded above-normal flood levels. The district-level rainfall data is being compiled, but parts of Meghalaya, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh have received extremely heavy rains in the past five days, which is likely to continue for another three days at least. Southwesterly moisture-laden winds are converging from the Bay of Bengal in the region. The rains arent likely to recede immediately, said K Sathi Devi, head, National Weather Forecasting Centre. Cherrapunji has received 1,105 millimetres of rain in the last four days. Were still compiling the data, which is a departure from normal. Therell be more flooding in the region, as rains are not likely to stop for the next few days. But the intensity of rainfall may reduce after two-three days. Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura will also experience heavy rains soon, said Mahesh Palawat, vice-president, meteorology and climate, Skymet Weather. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/fighting-covid-cyclone-pm-modi-announces-interim-relief-for-west-bengal/video-2FrVnyZ3Scm98EJNJ3OEpL.html</url>
<title>Fighting Covid  cyclone: PM Modi announces interim relief for West Bengal</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced an interim advance relief of Rs 1000 cr for the cyclone hit West Bengal. This after he conducted an aerial survey of the cyclone hit areas with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. PM Modi said that West Bengal has had to fight Covid  the cyclone together and assured all possible help from the Centre. Over 70 people were killed as cyclone Amphan devastated parts of West Bengal on 20 May, 2020. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/pm-modi-bengal-cm-conduct-aerial-survey-of-cyclone-amphan-hit-areasvideo/video-GHQm2uT0SmW8s1lXnJbA5I.html</url>
<title>Watch: PM Modi, Bengal CM conduct aerial survey of cyclone Amphan-hit areas</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modi conducted aerial survey of cyclone Amphan-hit areas in West Bengal. CM Mamata Banerjee also accompanied PM Modi in reviewing affected areas. PM Modi was received by CM Banerjee and Governor Jagdeep Dhankhar on arrival at Kolkata Airport. Earlier, PM Modi left from New Delhi for Bengal to take stock of the situation. Following aerial survey, PM Modi will take part in review meetings. The Prime Minister will also visit Odisha later in the day. Cyclone Amphan has left 72 people dead and thousands homeless in Bengal. PM Modi is on his first visit to both the states after 83 days of Covid-19 lockdown. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/news-updates-from-hindustan-times/story-QkgXWqr6oMNi9YZUtGzZQL.html</url>
<title>News updates from Hindustan Times:After Uddhav Thackeray, Sharad Pawar meeting, Sena says govt is strong and all the latest news</title>
<body >Here are todays top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times. After Uddhav Thackeray, Sharad Pawar meeting, Sena says govt is strong Maharashtra chief minister Uddhav Thackeray held a meeting with NCP president Sharad Pawar here, senior Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut said on Tuesday while asserting that the state government is strong. Read more 70,000 cases in 15 days: Tracking the rapid spread of Covid-19 across India The rate of infection of the coronavirus disease has been increasing in the country, an analysis of the infection data by Hindustan Times Hindi language publication Hindustan shows. Nearly 7,000 cases were reported on Monday, taking the overall tally to 1,38,845. Read more What if a player tests positive on Day 2 of a match: Rahul Dravid questions bio-secure environment idea Former India captain Rahul Dravid feels the ambition to resume cricket in a bio-secure environment is unrealistic, giving a thumbs down to the concept primarily floated by the England and Wales Cricket Board. Read more Xiaomis wireless Redmi Earbuds S launched in India at 1,799: Specifications, availability and more Xiaomis sub-brand Redmi today launched its wireless earphones in India, the Earbuds S. Priced at 1,799, the audio accessory comes in Black and is expected to be a rival to the recently launched Realme Buds Air Neo, which is priced at 2,999. Read more Gulabo Sitabo trailer featuring Amitabh Bachchan and Ayushmann Khurrana is Mumbai Polices new advisory meme inspiration Gulabo Sitabo trailer featuring Amitabh Bachchan and Ayushmann Khurrana has sparked an online chatter. Mumbai Police took the opportunity of the hype to share an advisory using a meme inspired from the trailer to put forth a message for people. Read more The Taste with Vir: The unloved restaurant business When the lockdown first started, the restaurant business knew it was in trouble. At that time, nobody thought the lockdown would last this long. Or that, even after the lockdown was lifted, restaurants would not be allowed to re-open. Read more Covid-19: Deaths cross 4k mark in India, WHO suspends trials of HCQ Hindustan Times National Political Editor, Sunetra Choudhury brings you the top stories you need to know. Sunetra talks about the number of covid-19 cases in India, deaths in the country due to the virus, WHOs decision to suspend trial of HCQ, spread of covid in all 3 of Delhis jails, outbreak of Banana Covid and more. Read more Priyanka Chopra honours army officer parents with throwback pic, Parineeti Chopra call it their best photo On the occasion of Memorial Day, actor Priyanka Chopra shared a picture of her parents in their army uniforms. Memorial Day is an American holiday for honouring and mourning the military personnel who have died while serving in the United States Armed Forces. Read more Elon Musk and Grimes change their sons name, a bit. Memes remain hilarious though Elon Musk previously announced that his newborn sons name is X  A-12. From creative memes to questions about the names pronunciation, Twitter landed into a tizzy after the announcement. Read more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/request-pm-modi-to-play-on-front-foot-rahul-gandhi/story-ZTGZb0xXOXhSRpTcQtIpjO.html</url>
<title>Request PM Modi to play on front foot: Rahul Gandhi on lockdown exit plan</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modis initial plan to defeat coronavirus in 21 days has failed and that has pushed him on the backfoot, said Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, urging the PM to play on the front foot. Stressing his point further, the Congress leader said there has been one lockdown after another, but that has not helped check the spread of the disease. The country is presently in the fourth phase of lockdown, which will end on May 31. The PM will accept that his first plan failed. The PM has gone on back foot, I request him to play on the front foot, said the Congress leader during a press interaction. Gandhi said he is not going to criticise what happened in the past as he has an interest in today and what will happen tomorrow. Two months ago the PM said that we were going to fight a 21-day fight against Covid-19. It was his expectation that we would defeat the virus in 21 days, said the Congress leader. The Wayanad MP said the aim of lockdown has not been achieved and the coronavirus cases are on the rise. He exhorted the government to tell the country what is the new strategy. We need an injection of money and capital, it will be fatal if we do not do it. The unemployment situation in the country has been compounded by the coronavirus problem, said Rahul Gandhi. Speaking about the migrants situation, the Congress leader said in his meetings with them he was told that they have lost faith. They have a sense of hopelessness, they have been left alone. They have told me hamara bharosa toot gaya (Have lost faith). I dont like hearing those words. I dont want a single Indian person to say those words. They are saying it more and more. Nobody should lose their faith. We can take action even now. Rs 7,500 should be given to workers every month, said Gandhi. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/maharashtra-govt-is-stable-raut-says-after-pawar-thackeray-meet/story-6wUWnMJdf5zy2x2lVOiCuJ.html</url>
<title>Maharashtra:Government is stable, Raut says after Pawar-Thackeray meet</title>
<body >A day after Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar met chief minister Uddhav Thackeray amid speculation of a rift in the ruling Maharashtra Vikas Aghadi coalition, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut on Tuesday said there was no need to worry about the stability of the state government. Pawar reached Matoshree - the Thackeray residence - after meeting Maharashtra governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari. There was speculation that Pawar was not happy with Thackerays handling of the Covid-19 outbreak, and that the chief minister was unhappy with the NCP chiefs stance on resumption of economic activities in Maharashtra. In a bid to end such speculation, Raut tweeted, chief minister Uddhav Thackeray and Sharad Pawar met at Matoshreee last evening for 1.5 hours. There are some who are spreading false stories about the stability of this MVA govt. That is nothing but heartburn. This government is stable. Dont worry. The Thackeray government has been criticised by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and opposition leader Devendra Fadnavis for its handling of the Covid-19 crisis. The former chief minister led a protest last week against the state government. Fadnavis is scheduled to address the media via video conference on Tuesday evening. BJP leader Narayan Rane, who was earlier in the Shiv Sena, also met the governor on Monday and demanded the imposition of Presidents Rule in the state, accusing the MVA government of failing to tackle the Covid-19 crisis. He demanded that all government hospitals should be taken over by the military as the existing system had failed. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/bengal-issues-guidelines-for-air-travel-here-s-what-you-need-to-know/story-kMd6CvQFVMPyJiB6us62tK.html</url>
<title>Bengal issues guidelines for air travel. Heres what you need to know</title>
<body >West Bengal has released its guidelines for air travellers arriving in the state on domestic flights from Thursday, more than two months after flight operations were banned to curb the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. West Bengal, Tripura and Andhra Pradesh were among the states who did not open their skies on Monday when most allowed domestic flight operations to restart. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage Among the guidelines for air passengers are submission of self-declaration forms on arrival and monitoring their health for 14 days. Heres what you need to follow if you are planning to travel to West Bengal: * You will be required to submit self-declaration form at the time of arrival to the state health officials. * At the airport, during boarding and travel, you will have to use face covers or masks. You will also follow hand hygiene, respiratory etiquette and maintain social distancing norms. * You will have to undergo health screening at the point of departure and only asymptomatic passengers shall be allowed to board the plane. On arrival, health screening shall be done for all the passengers. * The guideline said asymptomatic passengers will be allowed to go with the advice that they shall self monitor their health for 14 days. In case they develop any symptoms, they shall inform the local medical officer or state call centre at 1800 313 444 222/033-23412600,2357 3636/1083/1085 for medical interventions. * Samples will be collected for Covid-19 test from all symptomatic passengers. They will be taken to the nearest health facility for sample collection and health condition assessment. * Those with moderate or severe symptoms will be admitted to the dedicated Covid-19 health facility and managed accordingly. Those with mild symptoms will be asked to go for home or institutional isolation. * Further, medical interventions will be taken as per the test result. * Regular sanitisation or disinfection of the common surfaces shall be done at the airport. There should be adequate availability of soaps or sanitisers at different points in the airport. * Adequate publicity for maintenance of social distancing norms and health hygiene protocol should be done at the airport. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/child-dies-allegedly-due-to-snake-bite-at-quarantine-centre-dm-assures-actionvideo/video-8aeVJWqpsfesaycLaQNrkK.html</url>
<title>Child dies allegedly due to snake bite at quarantine centre, DM assures action</title>
<body >A child died allegedly due to snake bite at a quarantine centre in Gaya. The child was immediately shifted to the hospital and an inquiry into the incident was initiated. Gaya District Magistrate Abhishek Singh said that action will be taken as per investigation report. Covid positive patients across India are being kept at various quarantine centres. India has so far reported over 118,440 infections and more than 3,500 deaths. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/second-biggest-single-day-spike-takes-covid-19-cases-in-india-to-over-1-1-lakh/story-eDqlpY7L9DVgxoUZyFc0aP.html</url>
<title>Second-biggest single-day spike takes Covid-19 cases in India to over 1.1 lakh</title>
<body >The nationwide Covid-19 tally crossed 1.1 lakh on Thursday with 5,609 new cases getting detected in the last 24 hours. This is the second-biggest single-day spike in the number of Covid-19 cases in the country. According to the Union health ministry update at 8 am, the total number of cases in the country are 1,12,359. Out of these, the number of active cases are 63,624, those recovered are 45,299. As many as 3,435 people have died in total, the ministry said. The Union Health Ministry had said on Wednesday that the recovery rate among those having tested positive for Covid-19 has risen to nearly 40 per cent, from about seven per cent before the lockdown began on March 25. It also said that hospital support was needed by less than 7 per cent patients. On Wednesday, the number of cases across the country rose by more than 5,600, the countrys biggest single-day jump, to reach 1,06,750. The health ministry said on Wednesday that the Covid-19 death toll has risen to 3,303 after 140 more deaths were reported in the last 24 hours (between Tuesday and Wednesday). The number of coronavirus disease cases have doubled in nearly two weeks - up from 49,391 on May 6 to 1,06,139 on Wednesday in the fourth phase of the lockdown. The nationwide lockdown was initially imposed for a 21-day period till April 14, but later got extended till May 3 in the second phase and then for another 14-day third phase till May 17. A two-week-long fourth phase is now underway till May 31, but with several restrictions having been relaxed to boost economic activities. Union Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Singh Puri said on Wednesday that domestic flights will resume in a calibrated manner from May 25, two months after the services were shut due to the coronavirus. The Union Home Ministry also said later in the night that domestic air travel has been removed from the list of prohibited activities during the lockdown. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 11:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/rbi-cuts-repo-rate-cut-by-40-basis-points-from-44--to-4/story-yt4PaiO2QAYBKQHnfpXryJ.html</url>
<title>RBI slates repo rate to 4% from 4.4%, loans EMIs to get cheaper</title>
<body >The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday unexpectedly cut its repo rate by 40 basis points for a second time this year after an off-cycle policy review to counter the economic fallout from an ongoing nationwide lockdown to contain the spread of the coronavirus disease. RBI governor Shaktikanta Das said the short-term lending rate now stands at 4% down from 4.4% earlier. The reverse repo rate was also reduced by 40 basis points to 3.35%. Shaktikanta Das said in a video conference that the central banks Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) had voted to maintain its accommodative stance and that five out of six members in favour of a rate cut. Das said MPC members met for three days in an off-cycle meeting, which was otherwise scheduled for June 3 to June 5. It had last slashed the benchmark interest rate on March 27 by a massive 75 basis points and also announced a three-month moratorium to be given by banks to provide relief to borrowers whose income has been hit due to the lockdown. We must have faith in Indias resilience and come out of all odds, the RBI chief said. RBI had also unexpectedly cut its key deposit rate or reverse repo rate to 3.75% in April to discourage banks from parking idle funds with it and spur lending instead. The rate had already been cut by 90 bps on March 27. In March, RBI had also allowed a three-month moratorium on payment of all term loans due between March 1 and May 31, 2020. Das said on Friday it is now being extended for an additional three months till August 31. The central banks governor said on Friday the economy is witnessing a collapse of demand as suggested by electricity, petroleum products and private consumption data and added that the government revenues have also been impacted severely. Private consumption has taken the biggest blow due to the Covid-19 outbreak. Investment demand has halted, Das said. A combination of monetary, fiscal and administrative measures, Das said, is being undertaken by RBI and the government would create conditions for a revival of economic activity in the second half of FY21. But the downside risks to this assessment are significant and contingent upon the containment of the pandemic and quick phasing out of social distancing and lockdowns, he said. The GDP growth for FY21 is seen to be in the negative territory, Das said. Headline inflation, he said, may stay firm in the first half of the financial year and is expected to ease below 4% in the third and fourth quarters of FY21, he said. Last month, the RBI had also announced another round of targeted long-term repo (TLRO) operations and opened a refinance facility for the National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development, the Small Industries Development Bank of India and National Housing Bank to meet the long-term funding needs of various rural and small sectors. The government has announced a Rs 20 lakh crore economic stimulus package to deal with the fallout of the coronavirus pandemic that included Rs 8 lakh crore of liquidity measures announced by RBI since March. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 11:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/delhi-police-reduce-aid-from-covid-19-positive-personnel-from-rs-1-lakh-to-rs-10-000/story-rYUE6UEa7npurQMRZXke4K.html</url>
<title>Delhi Police cut aid for Covid-19 positive personnel from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 10,000</title>
<body >The Delhi Police has decided to cut the amount being given to its Covid-19 positive personnel by 90 per cent. Those personnel who get infected with the coronavirus while on duty will now get Rs 10,000 instead of Rs 1 lakh announced earlier as the number of infections have increased rapidly in the force, officials said on Thursday, reports news agency PTI. A meeting was held recently and it was decided that the sanction amount should be reduced. A lot of policemen are getting infected with the virus and the amount has to be distributed equally in such cases. So a decision was taken to reduce the amount from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 10,000, a senior police officer was quoted as saying by PTI. The force has also decided to increase the amount given to the kin of its personnel who dies of Covid-19 from Rs 7 lakh to Rs 10 lakh. Delhi Police has reported one death from the disease so far  a 31-year-old constable posted at Bharat Nagar police station in north-west Delhi who died on May 5. It  issued a standard operating procedure (SOP) last week for daily health monitoring of personnel to ensure timely prevention and protection from the virus following the death of the constable. According to the SOP, any police personnel feeling unwell, suffering from cough, sore throat, fever, breathlessness or any other symptoms must immediately report the same to the duty officer (DO) of the police station or unit where they are posted by any means of communication. They said over 250 police personnel have been infected with the virus, as per the PTI report. (With inputs from PTI) </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 09:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/maharashtra-and-3-others-see-further-spike-in-covid-19-cases-more-states-above-1-000-mark/story-7Mm4dkOrRo5xiAqQk5tqJO.html</url>
<title>Maharashtra and 3 others see further spike in Covid-19 cases, more states above 1,000-mark</title>
<body >India once again saw the number of Covid-19 cases increasing by a large number on Friday. In fact, the increase of 6,088 Covid-19 cases was the highest ever for India in 24 hours since the time the pandemic broke out. Nearly one-third number of this grim milestone is contributed by Maharashtra, the countrys worst-affected state. As per the Union Health Ministry dashboard, the number of Covid-19 cases in the state has reached 41,642. Apart from achieving this grim milestone, Maharashtra also has the highest number of fatalities in the country - 1454. The second worst-hit state in India by the Covid-19 pandemic is Tamil Nadu. However, the number of Covid-19 cases is one-third than table topper Maharashtra. According to the health ministry, Tamil Nadu has registered 13,967 Covid-19 positive cases and 94 deaths. So far, 6,282 people have been cured/discharged in the state. The next in the tally is Gujarat which has nearly 13,000 cases of Covid-19. According to health ministry, Gujarat has 12,905 Covid-19 positive cases and 773 fatalities. As many as 5,488 people have been cured/discharged. National capital Delhi, which is at number four in the list, recorded another big spike in new cases (571) of the coronavirus disease, taking the total number of cases in the city to 11,659. With over 500 new cases each day, Delhi has been recording the highest single-day spike for the last three days. The national capital also added 18 deaths related to Covid-19 on Thursday, taking the city-states toll to 194. Apart from these Big 4, there are other states like Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh where Covid-19 cases have emerged in a large number. In Rajasthan, the number of Covid-19 cases is 6,627. So far, 151 people have died and 3,485 have been cured/discharged. Madhya Pradesh has recorded 5,981 cases of Covid-19, and 270 fatalities. As many as 2,840 people have been cured/discharged. Uttar Pradesh has recorded 5,515 cases of Covid-19 and 138 deaths. The number of people cured or discharged in the state are 3,204. The neighbouring states of Punjab and Haryana have seen 2,028 and 1,031 Covid-19 cases respectively. While 39 people have died due to the disease in Punjab, 15 have lost their lives in Haryana. The number of cured/discharged patients in Punjab is 1,819 and in Haryana its 681. The states with more than 2,500 cases of Covid-19 are West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh. Andhra Pradesh has recorded 2,647 cases of the coronavirus disease and 53 deaths. There are 1,709 patients who have been cured/discharged. In West Bengal, tje number of Covid-19 cases are 3,197 and 259 deaths. The number of cured/discharged patients is 1,193. As many as 1,699 people have been infected from coronavirus in Telangana till date. One thousand and thirty five people have made a recovery from the virus while 45 people have died from Covid-19. Here is a look at the Covid-19 situation in other states: Bihar has reported 1,982 cases of coronavirus till date. Eleven people have died while 593 patients have recovered. In Karnataka, there are 1,605 Covid-19 cases. As many as 571 people have been cured and discharged while 41 patients have died. The union territory of Jammu and Kashmir has seen the number of Covid-19 patients rising to 1,449. Twenty people have died from the infection while 684 have been were cured. Odisha has 1,103 Covid-19 positive patients, 393 have recovered while seven people have died. Kerala reported 690 coronavirus cases on Thursday. Four people have died due to coronavirus in the state while 510 people have successfully recovered. Jharkhand has 290 Covid-19 cases, three patients have died and 129 have recovered. Over 200 people (217) have contracted the Covid-19 disease here. While 139 have recovered, three have died. Covid-19 cases in Tripura have been on a rise as the cases rise to 173 in the state. One hundred and forty eight patients have recovered from coronavirus here. The North-Eastern state of Assam has reported 203 Covid-19 cases. Four people have died due to coronavirus here while 54 people have recovered. One hundred and forty six people have been infected by coronavirus Uttarakhand till date. Fifty four patients have recovered from the infection, while one has died. One hundred and twenty eight people have tested positive for coronavirus in Chhattisgarh. The number of Covid-19 recoveries in the state has risen 59 while no death has been reported. Himachal Pradesh has reported 152 Covid-19 cases. Three patients have died and 59 have recovered. The coronavirus cases in Goa have gone up to 52 in Goa. As many as seven people have recovered from the deadly contagion here. The union territory of Ladakh has witnessed 44 cases of coronavirus of which 43 people have recovered. All 33 coronavirus cases in Andaman and Nicobar Islands have recovered. No deaths have been reported here. Manipur has recorded 25 coronavirus cases, two patients have recovered. Twenty cases of coronavirus have been reported in Puducherry. Ten have recovered, and no deaths have been reported. Meghalaya has reported 14 cases and one Covid-19 death so far, 12 patients have recovered. One patient has died. States and Union territories with just one positive Covid-19 case include Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram. All patients in Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram have recovered. Sikkim has not reported any Covid-19 case yet. Note: Figures are from official data released by the Ministry of Health, and may differ from realtime numbers released by various state governments subject to confirmation from the Centre. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 10:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-10th-result-2020-bseb-board-matric-result-2020-to-be-out-today-after-5-pm/story-70GSnMsS1EEyoAhEpBC8WN.html</url>
<title>Bihar 10th result 2020: BSEB Board Matric result 2020 likely today after 5 pm</title>
<body >Bihar Board 10th result 2020 is likely to be declared on Friday evening. According to Live Hindustan, the BSEB matric result is expected to be declared after 5pm on Friday. Lakhs of students are waiting for the BSEB 10th results but the Bihar board has still not given any confirmation regarding the date and time of result. More than 15 lakh students have registered for the BSEB 10th exam this year. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor had earlier told Hindustan Times that the Bihar board is trying its best to declare the results as soon as possible. He also said that Bihar Board 10th result will be declared anytime after May 20. BSEB was expected to declare the Bihar board 10th results 2020 by the end of March or beginning of April. However, the result got delayed due to the Coronavirus disease outbreak in the country. Bihar Board 10th result 2020: How to check your result after declaration Visit the official website at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in or biharboard.ac.in. Click on the result link flashing on the homepage that says Bihar Board matric result 2020. Key in your credentials like roll number, roll code and registration number and submit. Your result will appear on the display screen. Click here for full coverage of Bihar Board 10th result 2020 </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 10:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/downpour-storm-wreak-havoc-on-4-5mn-people-across-odisha/story-uXs8bjUFojBmXnlaVsamjO.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan wreaks havoc on 4.5 million people across Odisha; 72 dead in West Bengal</title>
<body >Cyclone Amphan, which hit Indias eastern coast with winds gusting up to 185 kph on Wednesday, has affected 4.5 million people across 1,500 villages in Odisha, the state government informed the Centre on Thursday even as it has asked officials to submit reports about the damages caused in two days. Odisha chief secretary Asit Tripathy told Union cabinet secretary Rajiv Gauba via video-conferencing that there was no loss of lives in the state even as the cyclone brought a heavy downpour and winds speeding up to 100 kph in some coastal areas. Amphan was the most powerful cyclone to strike eastern India and Bangladesh in over a decade. It tore down power lines, uprooted trees, caused flooding, triggered mass evacuations and left at least 72 people dead in West Bengal, where it made landfall. Nearly two lakh [200,000] people in Odisha were evacuated from their homes and placed safely in different shelters during the cyclone. A total of 210 medical teams and 75 teams of veterinary doctors have been sent to the affected areas, Tripathy said. He added that collectors of the affected districts have been asked to submit reports about the damages caused in two days. Tripathy thanked India Meteorological Department (IMD) director-general Mrutyunjay Mohapatra for accurate predictions and added correct forecast of the natural calamity helped contain the damage to life and property. The IMD is valuable in this area and its forecast is getting better with time. We thank Mohapatra, NDRF [ National Disaster Response Force] DG [director general] S N Pradhan and everyone in this valuable national body, he said. Additional chief secretary and special relief commissioner P K Jena, too, thanked Mohapatra for re-assuring the state government to have complete faith in IMDs prediction and forecast on Amphan. IMD had informed the state government that the wind speeds at Paradip and Dhamara coast would be around 135 kph which turned out to be correct. Jena said that Mohapatra had made accurate predictions on ferocious cyclonic storms like Fani (2019) and Phailin (2013). Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik separately conducted an aerial survey of the affected areas of the states coastal and adjoining districts that took the brunt of Amphan. Winds gusting up to 100 kph uprooted trees, flattening kutcha houses, disrupted vehicular movement and power supply across Odishas Bhadrak, Jagatsinghpur, Kendrapara and Balasore districts. Odisha energy minister Dibya Shankar Mishra said that over 80% of power supply was being restored while Pradhan said all roads in the cyclone-hit districts would be cleared within 24-48 hours. In a tweet, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said authorities were working on the ground to ensure all possible assistance to the cyclone-hit people. My thoughts are with the people of Odisha as the state bravely battles the effects of Cyclone Amphan. Authorities are working on the ground to ensure all possible assistance to the those affected. I pray that the situation normalises at the earliest, Modi tweeted. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 05:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-live-updates-bseb-likely-to-announce-matric-result-today-at-6-pm/story-5PwkVcKzyUxz7n04nWS7pL.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Live Updates: BSEB 10th result 2020 not to be announced today</title>
<body >Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB)will not announce the Bihar Board 10th result 2020 today. The Bihar Board students will have to wait for few more days to get their results online at biharbordonline.bihar.gov.in.Over 15 lakh candidates had appeared for the Bihar Board class 10th exam that was conducted from February 17 to 24. BSEB has already declared its intermediate results on March 24. The answersheet evaluation of BSEBmatric exam had to be left midway after the lockdown was imposed in the country due to coronavirus pandemic. Check live updates here: BSEB 10th result not to be announced today After waiting for another whole day, BSEBis not declaring the result even today, BSEB chairman informed Live Hindustan team. He said that the post evaluation work is still pending and it might take four to five days to complete. Bihar Board 10th students losing patience on social media Lakhs of students who have been anxiously waiting for their Bihar 10th results 2020 are losing their patience now. Many students took to Twitter and asked the board to declare the results as early as possible. One of the Twitter user Khushi Srivstava wrote, This is mental harassment. BSEB Bihar 10th result 2020:Get instant result alert on SMSwhen the result is out Candidates can click here to register for the Bihar Board 10th result alert. The registered candidates will receive an SMS on their registered mobile number when the result is out. Click here to get result notification. Bihar Board 10th result 2020: Board officials keeping mum BSEBofficials are completely silent about the result update. Officials are not responding to calls neither giving any update about the date and time of result declaration. However, according to sources as reported to other media, the result will be announced very soon. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Pass percentage of previous years In the year 2018, the Bihar Board pass percent was 68 which rose to 80.73 in the year 2019. This year also the result is expected to be better than last year. Students said that they found the question paper very easy this year. Keep your admit card ready Candidates are advised to keep their admit cards handy with them. They will have to enter the roll code, roll number and registration number as mentioned in their admit card to check their BSEBclass 10th result 2020. BSEBlikely to announce the Bihar Board 10th result 2020 shortly BSEB is expected to announce the Bihar Board 10th result 2020 on its official websites soon. Candidates who had appeared for the BSEBclass 10th exam will be able to check their results online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Over 15 lakh candidates anxiously waiting for their class 10th results Over 15 lakh students have been anxiously waiting for their Bihar Board 10th results. The exam was conducted from February 17 to 24. List of websites to check BSEBBihar Board 10th result online Students can visit the official websites like biharboard.ac.in or biharboardonline. bihar.gov.in or biharboard.online to check their results. They will have to login using their roll code, roll number and registration number to check their scores. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 18:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/hrithik-roshan-once-said-salman-khan-had-a-victim-syndrome-he-feels-everyone-is-conspiring-against-him/story-mOECmo96MpiHJVj1lSgyXK.html</url>
<title>Hrithik Roshan once said Salman Khan had a victim syndrome: He feels everyone is conspiring against him</title>
<body >Before Hrithik Roshan made his Bollywood debut with Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai in 2000, Salman Khan took him under his wing and gave him tips on bodybuilding. However, their friendship went through a rough patch a decade later, when Salman made some not-so-nice comments about Sanjay Leela Bhansalis Guzaarish (2010), starring Hrithik. Shortly after this, Hrithik came on Koffee With Karan with his then wife Sussanne Khan (the episode aired in January 2011), and said that Salman seemed to have a persecution complex. During the rapid fire round, when asked what he would take away from Salman if he was a real-life superhero, Hrithik said, You know, everyone loves him but he feels everyone is conspiring against him, so I think there is a victim syndrome which I will take away. Hrithik was then asked what he would do if he woke up as Salman, to which he said, Hold a press conference and announce how much I love Hrithik Roshan. The friction between Hrithik and Salman began when the latter made some nasty comments about Guzaarish. Arre, usme toh makhi udd rahi thi, lekin koi machhar bhi nahi gaya dekhne. Arre, koi kutta bhi nahin gaya (There was a fly buzzing around in the film but not even a mosquito went to watch it. Not even a dog went to watch it), he reportedly said at an event, referring to the films poor box office collection. Also read: Vir Das neighbour sneezes on him during altercation, asks his dead parents to haunt actor. Watch video A hurt Hrithik then told The Times of India in an interview, Ive always known Salman to be a good man, someone Ive looked up to and admired and still do. Hes always been a hero and always will be. But yes, its not heroic to laugh or make fun of a filmmaker just because his box office collections are not up there with yours. In my opinion a hero never gloats. When you are super successful, it should in fact make you more gracious and loving, he added. Eventually, with the passage of time, Hrithik and Salman decided to let bygones be bygones and patched up. Just a few months ago, Hrithik came on Bigg Boss 13, hosted by Salman, to promote his film War. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/betaal-review-shah-rukh-khan-s-netflix-zombie-show-is-dead-on-arrival/story-7utjRc9n4OwqOGlk0O93rJ.html</url>
<title>Betaal review: Shah Rukh Khans Netflix zombie show is dead on arrival</title>
<body >BetaalCreator - Patrick GrahamCast - Viineet Kumar, Aahana Kumra, Jitendra Joshi, Suchitra Pillai It is customary for Indian film productions to conduct a mahurat shot  a largely ceremonial practise  before beginning a shoot. The actors and crew are gathered, a pandit is summoned, and a quick pooja is performed to ensure a smooth production, excellent reviews and a big box office. Whether or not there was one here, Netflix shouldve prayed harder, because its latest Indian offering, Betaal, is yet another high-profile misfire from a streaming service in desperate need of a resurrection. A similar ritual is conducted in the first episode of Betaal, when a contractor begins work on excavating a tunnel dating back to the British raj, to make room for a highway. But standing in his way is a bunch of superstitious villagers convinced that the tunnel is cursed. Messing with it, a creepy old lady says, would unleash an evil unlike anything they have seen before. And so the smarmy contractor, played by Jitendra Joshi, under pressure for meeting deadlines and the impending visit of the chief minister, hires an elite military squad to clear the village, having paid the squad leader a bribe to convince her team that the villagers are, in fact, insurgents.  Like Avatar set in rural India, Betaal examines ideas of corruption, oppression and disenfranchisement, but it goes about it in such a shoddy manner that it does a disservice to both its underrepresented subjects and the horror genre in general. The zombies in Betaal not only run, they also use artillery, strategise, jibber-jabber, and, in one prime example of unintentional comedy, fly. George A Romero, God rest his soul, must be rolling in his grave. Boasting the involvement of big banners such as horror-specialists Blumhouse and Shah Rukh Khans Red Chillies Entertainment, among others, Betaal routinely undermines its own timely themes with an over-reliance on needless gore, cheap jump scares, and plot contrivances. Its the sort of show where exposition about an ancient curse is delivered inside the shrine of the man responsible for having cast it. A child is inexplicably introduced into the action only to be used as a plot device later on. A character suddenly changes hair colour, and the best explanation a guy can come up with is this: It must be because of the shock. But what the show does not realise is that by waving off something as freaky as a characters spontaneous makeover, it is inadvertently raising the bar for itself. Since we have been told to not pay any attention to incidents such as this, we are justified in expecting something more sinister. But Betaal is perfectly satisfied doling out jump scares you can see coming a mile away and failing to make any sort of statement on its central theme, colonialism  both foreign and homegrown. Traditionally, zombies are considered perfect empty vessels onto which contemporary anxieties can be projected. While Shaun of the Dead made hilarious observations about the herd mentality of Britishers of a certain generation; Juan of the Dead was about illegal immigration. But what do the zombies in Betaal represent, other than our impossible-to-eradicate colonial hangover? This is for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre! a character yells while gunning down a horde of undead British soldiers. Also read: Mrs Serial Killer movie review: Jacqueline Fernandezs Netflix India film is more torturous than lockdown; one of the worst movies of 2020 At a time when an ongoing migrant crisis has put the spotlight on the ill-treatment of the underprivileged by elected officials and men and women in uniform, Betaal could have (and should have) been so much more. For a show that admittedly begins with an interesting idea, it can be staggeringly dumb. Characters are given little to do besides bark out instructions or obey them. True, it takes place over the course of one violent night, but none of the central characters evolve in any meaningful manner whatsoever. As Sirohi, Viineet Kumar Singh overcompensates, as usual, for the thin writing. Like his previous collaboration with Red Chillies, the more horrific (but for wholly different reasons) Bard of Blood, he is under-utilised and his character is underwritten. There is an uneasiness to the manner in which he delivers military jargon, and this uneasiness is emblematic of the show as a whole. Creator Patrick Graham, who previously directed the rather enjoyable Ghoul for Netflix, is once again uncertain about whether to focus on the folk-horror elements, or the army action. He settles into a tone that is too self-serious for its own good. Betaal is a goofy zombie show with poor makeup and cartoonish characters; a little humour wouldve killed nobody. But itll have to take something special for Netflix India to revive itself after this. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/i-want-to-face-jasprit-bumrah-challenge-pakistan-batsman-shan-masood/story-aSBaS3TRGJ6EMH11xT4suI.html</url>
<title>Iwant to face Jasprit Bumrah challenge:Pakistan batsman Shan Masood</title>
<body >India fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah is regarded as one of the best fast bowlers in the modern era. The right-arm bowler broke into limelight after he started playing for Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League in 2013. Now, the bowler  has become a regular for India across all three formats. Bumrah has played 14 Tests in which he has picked up 68 wickets at an average of 20.3. He has also played 64 ODIs in which he has taken 104 wickets at an average of 24.4. He is among the three Indian bowlers to reach 50+ wickets in the T20Is, apart from Yuzvendra Chahal and Ravichandran Ashwin. Also read:West Indies ready with plan to send 25-man squad for Test series in England in June Bumrah is among the top 10 in ICCBowling Rankings for both Tests and ODIs and looking at his numbers, he seems like a tough opponent to face.But despite the numbers, Pakistan batsman Shan Masood says that he is eager to face the Bumrah challenge. Speaking in an interview on Cricast on Youtube, the Pakistan batsman was asked which bowlers he would want to face. In his response, the 30-year-old said: I think when we talk about fast-bowlers around the world; I have never played against Bumrah. That is a challenge that I would want to take on. Further talking about the best bowlers that he has faced in his career so far, the batsman said: Talking about the best bowlers that I have played against in recent times, my personal favourite has always been Dale Steyn. Australias Pat Cummins is also up there. Looking at the past I would have to name Rabada and Anderson has also taken my wicket many times. Also read:He never slides or dives, is different from me and Suresh Raina: Jonty Rhodes lauds India cricketer He further went on to pick Cummins as the toughest bowler he has faced. I found Pat Cummins to be the toughest bowler to face. He is the number one Test bowler in the world today. The title itself tells the story about how good he is, he said. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/fan-tells-sonu-sood-he-s-stuck-at-home-and-needs-help-to-visit-liquor-shop-actor-s-reply-leaves-twitter-laughing/story-BnUOcbVSdxg29cZTiK2ClL.html</url>
<title>Fan tells Sonu Sood hes stuck at home and needs help to visit liquor shop, actors reply leaves Twitter laughing</title>
<body >Actor Sonu Sood has earned both respect and accolades for his efforts to send migrants back to their hometowns and feed people amid coronavirus pandemic. His Twitter timeline is filled with pleas from migrants who need help to return home. However, the actor recently came across a quirky request for help on Twitter, and he replied in the same vein.                  https://t.co/tneToRoEXn sonu sood (@SonuSood) May 24, 2020                  https://t.co/tneToRoEXn A fan requested Sonu on Twitter, Sonu bhai main apne ghar me fasa hua hu. Mujhe theke tak pahucha do (Brother, I am stuck at my home, please help me reach a liquor shop). The actor replied, Bhai main theke se ghar tak to pahucha sakta hu, zarurat pade to bol dena (Brother, I can help you reach home from a liquor shop, if you need help do tell me). Many of his other fans came up with funny reactions to the tweet. A fan came up with a similar request, I am stuck at my home, please help me reach a panipuri stall. Another said, Aur mujhe India aana hai uska? Main mudda toh ignore hi kar diye. (What about me who wants to come to India? You have ignored the major issue). One more wrote, Haath diya to sidha seer par chadte hai log yaha (People try to misuse an opportunity when approached for help). Memes featuring Sonu Sood helping migrant workers to reach home keep trending on the social networking platform. We often see the actor replying on Twitter to those approaching him for help, with the words: Pack your bags or get ready to hug your mom, which eventually became the subject of memes. The actor is working actively to help migrant workers stranded in different parts of Maharashtra to reach their homes in other states. He has arranged several buses for the migrants after obtaining special permissions from the various state governments. Also read: Metro Park-Quarantine Edition review: Ranvir Shorey, Omi Vaidyas hilarious take on life during a pandemic Recently, Union minister Smriti Irani also praised the actor for helping migrant workers return home amid the ongoing Covid-19 lockdown. Tagging a tweet by Sood in which he asked a migrant to share his number so that he can arrange for his travel back home, Irani said: Ive had the privilege of knowing you as a professional colleague for over 2 decades now @SonuSood and celebrated your rise as an actor ;but the kindness you have displayed in these challenging times makes me prouder still thank you for helping those in need. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 14:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/the-balbir-singh-impact-story-behind-india-s-1975-world-cup-win/story-g1R4H22TZNE6HYITI3G6vM.html</url>
<title>The Balbir Singh impact: Story behind Indias 1975 World Cup win</title>
<body >The impact that three-time Olympic gold medal-winning hockey legend Balbir Singh Senior had on Indian hockey will be hard to match. Sometimes, he did so, without even lifting a hockey stick. Balbir Singh was the manager of the Indian hockey team that defeated Pakistan 2-1 in a thrilling contest to win their maiden World Cup trophy in 1975. It remains Indias only success in the global tournament till date. Remembering the hockey legend, who passed away at the age of 96 on Monday morning, the captain of the World Cup-winning India hockey team Ajit Pal Singh spoke about the influence Balbir Singh had on the team. Speaking in an exclusive telephonic interview with Hindustan Times, Ajit Pal expressed his condolences over the demise of Balbir Singh and defined him as a perfect gentleman. Also read: Balbir Singh Senior, a man who never let India down Its really sad news that we have lost such a great pillar of India hockey. Balbir Singh was a great player, a great administrator, and a great manager. We were fortunate that he was with us during the 1975 World Cup, and we could win the trophy. He was perfect in every aspect of life - a fine, well-balanced gentleman, he said. He further opened up on the dynamics he shared with the manager during the 1975 World Cup tournament in Malaysia. Our team in 1975 had the perfect combination, with everything in the right place. When the team clicks - manager, players, coach, captain - then only success could happen. The 1975 World Cup win was a team effort, he said. INPICTURES: Balbir Singh Sr passes away: A look back at the historic career of the hockey legend My relationship with Balbir Ji was very cordial, off-the-field and on-the-field. He was a senior player, and was like a father figure. We looked up to him, for his advice. It was a perfect combination, he added. In the tournament, India suffered a shocking 2-1 defeat in the group stage match against a weak Argentina team. The loss meant that India had to beat West Germany in their next game to qualify for the semifinals. Ajit Pal recalls how Balbir Singh motivated the entire team during the breakfast. Also read:Balbir Singh Senior: Highlights of a stellar career in hockey Argentinas team was not a very good one. One fluke chance they got, and they scored. We tried to get numerous chances but we just could not find the equalizer. It was very disappointing for our players. The team was really demoralised and depressed, he recalled. Next morning, Balbir Ji called us for a meeting. At the meeting, he said listen, boys, whatever happened yesterday, just forget about it. Now today, and tomorrow, we have these two days to prepare for Germany. Today, we have to concentrate, we have to eat well, rest well, and have the team discussion. You guys are capable, gods willing. Losing to Argentina doesnt mean you cannot beat Germany, Ajit Pal further said. India went on to defeat West Germany 3-1 comfortably to book a ticket to the semifinal where they defeated Malaysia 3-2 to reach the final against Pakistan. Balbir Ji, being the senior hockey player, he had all the nitty-gritty on how to motivate, and to figure out the need of the hour, what is being spoken to the boys. He was a very polished man, and that was because he himself was a great player, Ajit Pal said. Also read:Punjab CM Amarinder Singh condoles demise of hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr The former India hockey star further recalled the final against Pakistan which was a high-paced, tense affair. Pakistan got off to a good start, scoring an early goal. India bounced back strongly in the second half and went on to defeat the arch-rivals 2-1 to lift the trophy. The team was brilliant and him (Balbir Singh) sitting there on the side of the ground, it really motivated all of us. It was very fortunate, that I was the captain and we won the trophy, Ajit Pal said. Balbir Singh Ji wanted the team to move along together. It was a really memorable experience in 1975, and we came out with flying colours. We celebrated the World Cup win all over India, and it was a really good time for hockey, he signed off. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/chandrababu-naidu-in-amaravati-after-60-days-to-host-mega-tdp-meet-via-zoom/story-m9vfMEGk7yoI62GDMxNAFI.html</url>
<title>Chandrababu Naidu in Amaravati after 60 days, to host mega TDP meet via Zoom</title>
<body >After over 60 days in Hyderabad due to lockdown and then a cancelled flight, Chandrababu Naidu, along with his son Nara Lokesh, drove down to Amaravati on Monday afternoon. TDP Andhra unit president Kala Venkat Rao said Naidu would focus on the party activities again. He would address the two-day biennial party conclave Maha Nadu to be held on May 27 and 28 through Zoom application. In all, 14,000 party delegates would attend Maha Nadu through Zoom, he said. As Naidu, Telugu Desam Party president and former Andhra Pradesh chief minister, had obtained special permission from the police departments in both the states, his convoy had a smooth passage at the inter-state check post at Garikapadu on the National Highway No. 65. The Andhra police, however, checked the vehicles of other TDP leaders who accompanied his convoy. Entering the home state after a gap of more than two months, Naidu was given a rousing reception at the check-post and at different locations all along the highway. He straightaway drove to his residence at Vundavalli on the banks of Krishna river. On Sunday evening, Andhra Pradesh DGP Gautam Sawang wrote to Naidu giving him permission to fly to Visakhapatam to call on the families of those who lost members in the poisonous gas leak on May 7. Later, he had planned to return to Amaravati by road. The DGP issued an electronic pass to Naidu to travel to Visakhapatnam, saying that the visit of the opposition leader was being treated as a special case. However, as Naidu was preparing to fly to Visakhapatnam, the Centre announced late on Sunday night that all flights to Andhra Pradesh had been cancelled on technical grounds on the request of the state government and that the flights would begin only on Tuesday. It forced the TDP chief to cancel his Vizag visit and he decided to travel to Amaravati by road. TDP lawmaker and former minister K K Atchannaidu alleged that the YSR Congress government had deliberately deferred resumption of flight services only to prevent the former chief minister from visiting Vizag. It is only after Chandrababu Naidus schedule was announced that the state government deferred the resumption of services, that too only by a day. Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Singh Puris tweets indicate the same, he claimed. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/coronavirus-lockdown-extended-till-june-30-in-himachal-s-hamirpur-solan/story-bIY15VTVG4N3ZRsdlxlKIJ.html</url>
<title>Coronavirus lockdown extended till June 30 in Himachals Hamirpur, Solan</title>
<body >Hamirpur and Solan districts in Himachal Pradesh will continue with the coronavirus lockdown for a month after the current nationwide phase ends on May 31. The district magistrates of Hamirpur and Solan issued orders Monday extending the curfew in their areas up to June 30. The two orders did not specifically mention the lockdown itself, but its extension is implied. The state-wide curfew in Himachal Pradesh is meant to enforce the lockdown against coronavirus. As in the rest of the state, the two districts allow several hours of relaxation in the curfew and the lockdown every day. Essential services remain open during the curfew hours as well. This will continue, officials said. Hamirpur has reported the highest 63 virus cases while 21 people have tested positive for the infection in Solan till now. So far, the state has reported 214 cases, including five deaths. According to officials, Hamirpur has witnessed a spurt in cases after people in large numbers returned to the state from parts of the country recently. The district now has 57 of 142 active cases in the state. Over 10,000 people have returned to Hamirpur from various red zones in the country in the past 30 days, District Magistrate Harikesh Meena said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/icmr-antibody-survey-begins-results-likely-in-three-weeks/story-8a2SgTaTkICbH9QoWPGBlK.html</url>
<title>ICMR antibody survey begins, results likely in three weeks</title>
<body >The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) has collected around 24,000 blood samples from 60 districts across 21 states over the past two weeks for a serosurvey to check for exposure to SARS-CoV-2, which causes coronavirus disease (Covid-19), among the countrys adult population. The cross-sectional survey of adults, aged 18 years or more, will detect infection in the community by testing for the presence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 that are found in the blood of people who have recovered from it. Four representative samples were collected from 60 districts on the basis of reported Covid-19 cases per million population -- zero, low (0.1-4.7), medium (4.8-10), and high (10). Around 400 samples from 15 districts from each category were selected randomly, according to ICMR. The first batch of about 70% of samples was dispatched to a central laboratory in Chennai for analysis on Sunday, and the results are expected in about three weeks. The ICMR-National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis in Chennai will do the analysis, said an ICMR official, requesting anonymity. This community-based survey will hold the key for getting several vital clues on the viral disease such as its trend, testing pattern, etc, according to experts. If more people have antibodies and were never detected that means the infection is widely present. Its a good thing that only a few are suffering from complications leading to deaths. This is also an indirect methodology to ascertain whether enough tests are being conducted across the country, said Dr. Girdhar R Babu, head, Lifecourse Epidemiology. The blood samples will be tested for detecting IgG antibodies using ELISA method (IgG is an antibody that develops later as compared to the other antibodies, hence, determine a past infection. Elisa method is an enzyme-based laboratory test that detects and quantifies antibodies in the blood) that will determine a past infection due to the virus. Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, West Bengal, and Jammu  Kashmir are the 21 states from where samples have been collected. Besides, about 5,000 samples have been collected from 10 hot spot cities that have reported the maximum caseload such as Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Thane, Pune, Indore, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Aurangabad. Conducting population-based serosurveillance for SARS-CoV-2 will estimate and monitor the trend of infection in the adult general population, determine the socio-demographic risk factors and delineate the geographical spread of the infection, said a recently-published ICMR document on serosurveillance. Such serosurveys repeated at regular intervals can also guide containment measures in respective areas. State-specific context of disease burden, priorities and resources should guide the use of multifarious surveillance options for the current Covid-19 epidemic, the paper said. Were likely to repeat the survey later depending on the results, said the ICMR official. Apart from the serosurvey, the Union Ministry of Health  Family Welfare (MoHFW) has a hospital-based active surveillance plan using real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) among healthcare workers, outpatient department patients, and pregnant women in all the districts in the country. At least 10 hospitals -- six public and four private hospitals -- will be selected from each district for the sampling, with an overall target of collecting 800 samples a month. These two surveys are in addition to conducting a random test of about 250 severe acute respiratory infection (SARI) and influenza-like illness (ILI) cases that the Centre has advised all the states to carry out in each district. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/two-migrant-workers-die-in-chhattisgarh-s-mahsamund-while-heading-home/story-9DfMyukd9Xby1K8uXl8MqI.html</url>
<title>Two migrant workers die in Chhattisgarhs Mahsamund while heading home</title>
<body >Two migrant workers on their way to their home states amid lockdown, which has been imposed to contain the coronavirus pandemic, died in Mahasamund district in Chhattisgarh on Sunday. In the first incident, a 38-year-old man heading to West Bengal in a bus from Maharashtra complained of breathing problems. He started vomiting and died after being rushed to a community health centre in Pithora town, said Pithora Block Medical Officer Dr Tara Agrawal. In the second case, a 45-year-old migrant got off at Mahasamund railway station from an Odisha-bound train after his health deteriorated and died in a nearby hospital, said Dr RK Pardal, the facilitys superintendent. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 The samples of the two deceased as well as two more people who were with them have been sent for coronavirus testing, officials added. There have been several incidents of migrant workers dying while returning home. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/maharashtra-do-not-reopen-schools-yet-experts-to-education-dept/story-qFiNHW9EOKgLOmFa2NJKMO.html</url>
<title>Do not reopen schools yet, wait till July at least: Experts to Maharashtra govt</title>
<body >Experts have suggested that Maharashtra government should not rush to reopen schools amid the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak after it was reported that the education department is exploring options of reopening institutions in some parts of the state from June. Earlier, the department had sought suggestions from the stakeholders, including school owners, principals, and parents, for reopening schools in the state. Most responses opposed any bid to reopen schools before at least the end of July. Red zone areas have the maximum risk. Even, green zones have some risk because of the movement of people between the zones, from where Covid-19 positive cases are being reported. Reopening of schools may put the lives of lakhs of students at high risk. Schools must be reopened as late as possible, said the head of a Mumbai-based school chain. On Saturday, state education minister Varsha Gaikwad spoke to a set of experts and senior officers in the education department. Almost all stakeholders agreed that classes must not begin for primary students until at least the end of July. Some suggested extending the guidelines for students till Class VIII. Schools, located in orange and green zones, can start classes for only IX and X students, said an expert, who was present at the meeting. Parents said that the department should continue with online teaching until the pandemic threat is eliminated. Theres no point in rushing at this point in time, as theres an immense risk involved. Parents wont send their children to schools in such a situation even if they reopen, said Anubha Sahai, a lawyer, and the president of India Wide Parents Association. Anil Bornare, coordinator, BJP Teachers Cell, said in cities like Mumbai, where many schools are located in densely populated areas, it is tough to follow social distancing norms. The delay in reopening the schools is acceptable, but not at the cost of high risk involved, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/horoscope-today-astrological-prediction-for-may-22-what-s-in-store-for-taurus-leo-virgo-scorpio-and-other-zodiac-signs/story-ORtSwEyPkY7SkFS4RyitKI.html</url>
<title>Horoscope Today: Astrological prediction for May 22, whats in store for Taurus, Leo, Virgo, Scorpio and other zodiac signs</title>
<body >The 12 signs in the zodiac calendar have their own traits that define a person. The positions of the sun and the planets decide how the day will look for us. Would it not then be helpful if you began your day by knowing what s going to come your way? Go on and find out if the odds are in your favour today: *Aries (March 21-April 20) Harmony prevails on the domestic front. Good consistent performance may find your career graph rising. Those on a buying spree can overspend on some good bargains. Hard work of yesteryears is likely to translate into continuously increasing financial strength. Higher ups will be happy with your performance at work. An ailment that has been troubling you for long is likely to disappear soon. Love Focus: Thanks to your untiring efforts, your romantic life is likely to turn most satisfying! Lucky Colour: Lavender Lucky Alphabet: R Lucky Numbers: 1.5.9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Leo  Libra Be careful of: Aquarius *Taurus (April 21-May 20) You will be more than willing to give emotional support to someone in need on the family front. Those going in for higher studies are likely to get selected to a prestigious institute. Money comes your way and will beef up your financial condition. There is a good scope of adding value to an event, so let your creative side assert itself! Joining a health club along with someone close will help in maintaining your interest on the fitness front. Love Focus: Your romantic aspirations are likely to be realised soon, so keep your fingers crossed! Lucky Colour: Light Red Lucky Alphabet: L Lucky Numbers: 3.6.9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Sagittarius  Pisces Be careful of: Capricorn *Gemini (May 21-June 21) Coming back to your old routine is certain to give a fillip to your health. A change is expected on the academic front which will be in your favour. An advice of someone clued up financially will help in stabilising the monetary front. Someone who matters on the professional front is likely to give thumbs up to your performance. Love Focus: Romance may take a backseat, due to your commitments. Lucky Colour: Sandy Brown Lucky Alphabet: E Lucky Numbers: 3,6,7 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Gemini Be careful of: Aquarius *Cancer (June 22-July 22) Sticking to routine will contribute towards good health. Someone may have high expectations from you in resolving a family issue, so dont disappoint. Helping someone on the academic front will help you win many brownie points. Money you had been expecting for long may be received soon. This is not the time to mull over the consequences of your action, just go ahead and do what needs to be done. Love Focus: Time constraints may not allow you to fully enjoy the company of the one you love, but you will make up for it later and how! Lucky Colour: Indigo Lucky Alphabet: G Lucky Numbers: 7,5,9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Sagittarius  Libra Be careful of: Scorpio *Leo (July 23-August 23) Peace and quiet may elude you on the domestic front. Some of you are likely to top an exam or crack a competition. This is a good day to spend on self-grooming or go in for an image makeover. Strong financial situation will help you to lead a life of luxury. You are likely to excel in whatever you are involved in on the professional front. Remaining regular in your workouts will keep you in a fine fettle. Love Focus: You may feel attracted to someone you have met recently, so expect romance to blossom soon! Lucky Colour: Electric Blue Lucky Alphabet: C Lucky Numbers: 8,5,2 Friendly Zodiac Today: Scorpio  Virgo Be careful of: Sagittarius *Virgo (August 24-September 23) Someones example may make you health conscious enough to junk unhealthy practices. Busy schedule is likely to leave you very little time for the family, but you will manage to do the balancing act. Your ideas are likely to find favour with someone and get a thumping yes for an answer! Efforts at earning will need to be doubled for those planning to buy something big. It is best to wait and watch the developments taking place on the professional front, before making your move. Love Focus: Your eyes are likely to do all the talking on the romantic front today! Lucky Colour: Parrot Green Lucky Alphabet: M Lucky Numbers: 7,8,3 Friendly Zodiac Today: Libra  Leo Be careful of: Capricorn *Libra (September 24-October 23) Something promised at work may not be granted, but your persistence will pay. Your ability to impress others is likely to make you popular on the social front. Peace and quiet on the domestic front will afford you an opportunity to let your hair down and relax. Following the instructions in letter and spirit in an exercise regimen is likely to make you fit sooner than expected. You will manage to get the nod of someone in authority for a new venture. Love Focus: Your romantic endeavours prove fruitful, as you go around spreading your charm! Lucky Colour: Peach Lucky Alphabet: N Lucky Numbers: 6,4,3 Friendly Zodiac Today: Virgo  Cancer Be careful of: Aquarius *Scorpio (October 24-November 22) Time will be at a premium to attend a family function and you may give it a miss. You are likely to get a head start in a competition and will be able to cash on it. You are likely to take the initiative to come in touch with people of your cocktail circuit today on the social front. Financial situation of some is likely to improve considerably. Resorting to alternative medicine for a recurring ailment will help in getting quick relief. It may take some time to get into the right frame of mind at work today. Love Focus: Mixed signals on the romantic front may keep you in a confused state of mind Lucky Colour: Light Orange Lucky Alphabet: Y Lucky Numbers: 8,9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Leo  Gemini Be careful of: Pisces *Sagittarius (November 23-December 21) You may be a wee bit choosey in finalising a suitable match for yourself or for someone eligible in the family. Joining an elite organization cannot be ruled out for some. Friends and relations will be thoroughly impressed by your eye for detail. Dont be hasty in paying up for something without getting all the details. You may get stretched in meeting a deadline at work. You are likely to pursue a physical sport, just to remain fit. Love Focus: It may be difficult to keep your romantic aspirations in check, so go forth and have an exciting time with the one you love! Lucky Colour: Chocolate Lucky Alphabet: A Lucky Numbers: 2,7,3 Friendly Zodiac Today: Virgo  Taurus Be careful of: Aries *Capricorn (December 22-January 21) Adequate precautions will be required to keep an ailment from recurring. You may remain a bit reserved in discharging an important responsibility on the family front, but may have to give in to the demands of others. Offering your residential premises for someones new initiative is possible. Money poses no problems as you set about increasing your earning capacity. On the work front, you are likely to play your cards well to come into the notice of those who matter. Love Focus: Taking an instant liking for someone is possible, so expect romance to knock on your door soon! Lucky Colour: Peach Lucky Alphabet: H Lucky Numbers: 2,6,9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Leo  Aries Be careful of: Taurus *Aquarius (January 22-February 19) It is best to steer clear of gossip mongers, as you can end up getting mired in a controversy on the family front. A child or sibling is likely to achieve distinction in the academic field. Mental stress plaguing some is set to disappear. Monetary gains are likely for those in medical or legal professions. You will be smart enough to take the cue and do things right. Coming back in shape will not appear as difficult as it had initially seemed. Love Focus: If you are in love, there is every chance of embarking on a romantic journey. Lucky Colour: Violet Lucky Alphabet: P Lucky Numbers: 5,6 Friendly Zodiac Today: Cancer  Pisces Be careful of: Gemini *Pisces (February 20-March 20) Aches and pains that some of you are suffering from are set to disappear soon. Building bridges on the family front with those you dislike is likely to give you a sense of deep satisfaction. Things that were going wrong on the academic front will begin to improve. Money is likely to come from unexpected sources and strengthen the monetary front. Something started by you begins to gather steam. Positive thoughts will help you remain happy and attain mental Love Focus: It will be difficult to rein you in on the romantic front, so go forth and enjoy! Lucky Colour: Saffron Lucky Alphabet: R Lucky Numbers: 1,3,4 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Cancer Be careful of: Taurus The astrologer can be contacted at psharma@premastrologer.com or support@askmanisha.com. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 05:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ranbir-kapoor-is-alia-bhatt-s-lockdown-hair-stylist-confirms-karan-johar-as-he-says-she-is-in-a-happy-place/story-EaqnOqyRYTBhcMpzuDZfoI.html</url>
<title>Ranbir Kapoor is Alia Bhatts lockdown hair stylist, confirms Karan Johar as he says she is in a happy place</title>
<body >Karan Johar conducted a live on Instagram on Thursday and talked about several of his industry friends, including his god child Alia Bhatt. The filmmaker revealed during the live session that Alia had a special lockdown hair stylist in boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor. He also said that she is in a happy place. Alia had posted a picture of her new look on Instagram earlier this week and shared how she has evolved into a fitter person after working out at home during lockdown. She had written, 60 days later - stronger, fitter, better at burpees, much better at skips, much much better at push ups, obsessed with running, super obsessed with eating right and waiting to get back onto the next challenge. P.S - Yes I cut my hair AT HOME - thanks to my multitalented loved one who rose to the occasion when I was in need of a chop chop. Alia has been staying with Ranbir during lockdown and the two pay occasional visits to his mother Neetu Singh after the death of his father Rishi Kapoor. Alia was constantly by his side during the last rites of the late actor. Karan will be directing Alia once again after launching her in Bollywood with his directorial, Student of the Year in 2012. The actor will be seen in his upcoming period drama, Takht. The big budget film has a huge ensemble cast of Vicky Kaushal, Ranveer Singh, Kareena Kapoor, Janhvi Kapoor, Bhumi Pednekar and Anil Kapoor. Also read: Ananya Panday shares beach photo to wish Suhana Khan on her 20th birthday: You will be my little baby forever Karan had confessed in one of his interviews with Rajeev Masand that he failed to use her talent during her debut, Student of the Year. He had said, In many ways, her emotional launch is Student of the Year but her real professional launch is Imtiaz Alis Highway. The way he nurtured her as an actor, the way he put her out there is something I didnt do at all. I always spotted that there was something about her but I didnt use her talent at all. I actually dont feel I full-fledgedly ever directed Alia the way I would like to do. Even Takht is an ensemble, she has a solid part in a way that she is extremely beautiful. It is one of my favourite tracks in the film but I still feel believe she and I have a film to make. A film that we can be known for, he added. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 09:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/janhvi-kapoor-s-two-more-house-helps-test-positive-for-covid-19-kapil-sharma-apologises-to-kayastha-community/story-S9YXeoOdbViwOsSTXgcrYP.html</url>
<title>Janhvi Kapoors two more house helps test positive for Covid-19, Kapil Sharma apologises to Kayastha community</title>
<body >Ghoomketu movie review: Nawazuddin Siddiquis creaky comedy shows signs of age Writing comedy is a serious business, Nawazuddin Siddiquis whimsically named hero Ghoomketu tells us in the eponymous film. Audience should laugh too. The trouble with Ghoomketu is it never uses its own sage advice. It spells out the obvious, and then goes and underlines it. After a while, it just feels like you are in the middle of an exposition dump and the walls are closing in. (Read full story here) Happy birthday Suhana Khan: Check out her 10 best pics with Shah Rukh Khan, Gauri, Aryan and AbRam Shah Rukh Khans daughter and Bollywoods star-to-be, Suhana Khan turns 20 years old on Friday. To celebrate her big day, we are bringing you 10 awesome picture of her with her family. Suhana was born on May 22, 2000 and is the middle child and only daughter of Shah Rukh and his interior designer wife Gauri Khan. Suhana has an elder brother Aryan and a younger brother, AbRam. (Read full story here) Two more house helps at Boney Kapoors residence test positive for Covid-19 Two more members of filmmaker Boney Kapoors house staff have tested positive for the coronavirus. This is in addition to the one who was found positive for the deadly virus earlier this week. Oshiwara Police Station PI, Dayanand Bangar confirmed the news to Spotboye.com. (Read full story here) Mahabharat actor Satish Kaul appeals to industry for financial help: Im struggling for medicines, basic needs Veteran Punjabi star Satish Kaul, who has acted in several Hindi films and shows including Mahabharat, says hes currently facing financial woes and the nation-wide lockdown has only made the situation worse for him. The actor, whose credits include working in over 300 Punjabi and Hindi films and played the role of Lord Indra in Mahabharat, said contrary to rumours, hes not in an old age home. (Read full story here) Kapil Sharma apologises to Kayastha community for hurting sentiments in an episode of The Kapil Sharma Show Comedian Kapil Sharma has offered an apology to the Kayastha community. He expressed regret if their sentiments were hurt during an episode his show The Kapil Sharma Show. (Read full story here) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 10:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/regional-movies/samantha-akkineni-shares-family-pic-from-rana-daggubati-miheeka-bajaj-roka-thank-you-for-the-best-news-of-2020/story-jUKX0xVbKPksWFVMbLa2HP.html</url>
<title>Samantha Akkineni shares family pic from Rana Daggubati- Miheeka Bajaj roka: Thank you for the best news of 2020</title>
<body >Actor Samantha Akkineni took to Instagram on Friday to share a family picture from the function held in Hyderabad   in preparation for actor Rana Daggubati and designer Miheeka Bajajs pre-wedding ceremony. While early reports suggested that it was an engagement party, Ranas dad producer Suresh Babu said it was not exactly an engagement but a pre-wedding ceremony as per their rituals. Sharing the picture, Samantha wrote: Thankyou for bringing us the best news of 2020 @ranadaggubati @miheeka ... heres to your happily ever after @tpt.toast. In the picture, Samantha and her actor husband Naga Chaitanya and many other members of their family pose with Rana and Miheeka. It may be recalled that Ranas paternal aunt is Naga Chaitanyas mother. View this post on Instagram           Thankyou for bringing us the best news of 2020  @ranadaggubati @miheeka ... heres to your happily ever after ..  @tpt.toast A post shared by  Samantha Akkineni (@samantharuthprabhuoffl) on May 21, 2020 at 7:13pm PDT Thankyou for bringing us the best news of 2020  @ranadaggubati @miheeka ... heres to your happily ever after ..  @tpt.toast A post shared by  Samantha Akkineni (@samantharuthprabhuoffl) on May 21, 2020 at 7:13pm PDT On Thursday,Rana had shared a similar picture, with just Miheeka and himself, and written: Its official. Ranas tweet had immediately been picked up by various media agencies as an official announcement of engagement. Suresh, speaking to The New Indian Express, he had said, Its not an engagement. Our families sat together on Wednesday to discuss what all has to be done for the pre and post-wedding functions. Its a ritual among the Telugus to meet the brides parents before fixing the engagement and wedding dates. We are happy to take these alliance talks forward. In the photographs, Rana is seen beaming with joy in a white shirt with a matching white dhoti. Miheeka looks stunning in an orange-gold sari with yellow and pink border, teamed with a heavily-embellished blouse and chunky ethnic jewellery. She left her hair open and wore subtle make-up. Also read: Arjun Kapoor, sister Anshula did not touch mom Mona Shouries room for six years after her death: That void will stay forever Miheeka, who is founder of Mumbai-based Dew Drop Design Studio, also took to Instagram to share her beginning of forever moment. She also put a photograph on Instagram Story, writing: Officially mine! View this post on Instagram           My happy place!  @ranadaggubati A post shared by  miheeka (@miheeka) on May 21, 2020 at 12:03am PDT My happy place!  @ranadaggubati A post shared by  miheeka (@miheeka) on May 21, 2020 at 12:03am PDT While many speculated that the couple got engaged, Rana posted a screenshot of a chat on Instagram story to share that it was a roka ceremony. Early congratulatory messages were posted by actors Shruti Haasan, Sriya Reddy, Sonal Chauhan, Shriya Pilgaonkar, and Lakshmi Manchu. Earlier this month, Rana had made his relationship with Miheeka public. Sharing a photo with his Miheeka, the actor wrote on Instagram: And she said yes! #MiheekaBajaj. He used a red heart emoji along with his caption. (With IANS inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 10:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/kkr-to-invest-rs-11-367-crore-in-ril-s-jio-platforms-here-s-what-you-need-to-know/story-4kaVDaP6XHTISP4y9oe7qL.html</url>
<title>KKR to invest Rs 11,367 crore in RILs Jio Platforms. Heres what you need to know</title>
<body >Reliance IndustriesLimited (RIL) saidon Friday US equity firm KKR willinvest Rs 11,367 crore for a 2.32% stake in its digital arm, Jio Platforms, in the fifth major investment announced in Mukesh Ambanis oil-retail-to-telecom conglomerate in four weeks. In KKRs largest investment in Asia, the transaction values Jio Platforms at an equity value of Rs 4.91 lakh crore and an enterprise value of Rs 5.16 lakh crore. Jio Platforms had raised Rs 67,194.75 crore from leading technology investors including Facebook, Silver Lake Partners, Vista Equity Partners and General Atlantic as part of the plan to make RIL net debt-free before March 31, 2021. Here is what you need to know: What Mukesh Ambani, chairperson and managing director of Reliance Industries, said. I am delighted to welcome KKR, one of the worlds most respected financial investors, as a valued partner in our onward march to growing and transforming the Indian digital ecosystem for the benefit of all Indians, Mukesh Ambani said. KKR shares our ambitious goal of building a premier Digital Society in India. KKR has a proven track record of being a valuable partner to industry-leading franchises and has been committed to India for many years. We are looking forward to leveraging KKRs global platform, industry knowledge and operational expertise to further grow Jio, he added. What Henry Kravis, co-founder and co-CEO of KKR, said. Few companies have the potential to transform a countrys digital ecosystem in the way that Jio Platforms is doing in India, and potentially worldwide. Jio Platforms is a true homegrown next generation technology leader in India that is unmatched in its ability to deliver technology solutions and services to a country that is experiencing a digital revolution, Henry Kravis said. We are investing behind Jio Platforms impressive momentum, world-class innovation and strong leadership team, and we view this landmark investment as a strong indicator of KKRs commitment to supporting leading technology companies in India and Asia Pacific, he added. Deals before Facebook said on April 22it would invest$5.7 billion for a 9.99% stake. US private equity firmSilver Lake said on May 4it will invest Rs 5,655.75 crore in Jio Platforms for a 1.15% stake. Vista Equity Partners said on May 8it will be picking upa 2.32% stake for Rs 11,367 crore. General Atlantic had said on May 18it will buy 1.34% stakein Jio Platforms for Rs 6,598.38 crore. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 11:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-explains-bollywood-playback-singing-to-us-audiences-via-her-song-tinka-tinka-most-thought-it-was-me/story-TkiBqJE1MTwtc0kTrDO8BO.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra explains Bollywood playback singing to USaudiences via her song Tinka Tinka: Most thought it was me</title>
<body >Actor Priyanka Chopra, who has been in quarantine at her Los Angeles home with husband Nick Jonas, on Thursday shared a song clip from her 2005 Hindi film Karam. She also gave a brief masterclass on playback singing in Hindi films. Sharing the clip, she wrote: Tinka Tinka is a song from one of my earlier films Karam (Deed). It released 2005. For those who might not know, Hindi films use playback singers for most actors and Ive had the fortune to have some amazing singers lend their voice to my films over the years. But when this song was released, most thought it was me...But in fact it was the voice of one of my favorite singers @alishachinaiofficial... she complimented my tone so well. Thank you Alisha!! .. so this Thursday.... #TBT @sanjayfgupta @thejohnabraham. View this post on Instagram           Tinka Tinka is a song from one of my earlier films Karam (Deed). It released 2005. For those who might not know, Hindi films use playback singers for most actors and Ive had the fortune to have some amazing singers lend their voice to my films over the years. But when this song was released, most thought it was me...But in fact it was the voice of one of my favorite singers @alishachinaiofficial... she complimented my tone so well. Thank you Alisha!! .. so this Thursday.... #TBT @sanjayfgupta @thejohnabraham A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 21, 2020 at 6:16pm PDT Tinka Tinka is a song from one of my earlier films Karam (Deed). It released 2005. For those who might not know, Hindi films use playback singers for most actors and Ive had the fortune to have some amazing singers lend their voice to my films over the years. But when this song was released, most thought it was me...But in fact it was the voice of one of my favorite singers @alishachinaiofficial... she complimented my tone so well. Thank you Alisha!! .. so this Thursday.... #TBT @sanjayfgupta @thejohnabraham A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 21, 2020 at 6:16pm PDT Among those who reacted to the post was designer Manish Malhotra. He wrote: And the song was a huge hit. Many of Priyankas fans too wrote back. One user said, What a calm and peaceful voice, and your performance complements it perfectly, Priyanka. Another said, My all time fav song. Some fans complimented Priyankas look in the clip too. One user said: Wow amazing looking so gorgeous and beautiful mashallah. Nostalgia is a sentiment Priyanka understands well - only recently, Priyanka recalled her debut at one of the most fashionable entertainment industry events - the Cannes Film Festival. The 37-year-old star made her debut red carpet appearance in 2019 at the event in France. Also read: Arjun Kapoor, sister Anshula did not touch mom Mona Shouries room for six years after her death: That void will stay forever The actor documented some of her exquisite looks from the glamorous event on the photo-sharing platform to mark the anniversary of her first appearance. Priyanka posted a slide show video on Instagram with many stills of the diva, who aced more than six iconic looks during the festival. She had graced the Cannes red carpet last year with her husband Nick Jonas. She had written: This time last year. My first Cannes. Through much of the lockdown period amid the coronavirus pandemic, Priyanka has been doing her bit to create awareness and contribute in humanitys fight against the deadly virus.  Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 09:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ananya-panday-shares-beach-photo-to-wish-suhana-khan-on-her-20th-birthday-you-will-be-my-little-baby-forever/story-6R8tM2EJ1qoznFSWoMsdzK.html</url>
<title>Ananya Panday shares beach photo to wish Suhana Khan on her 20th birthday: You will be my little baby forever</title>
<body >Actor Ananya Panday, daughter of Chunky Panday, has wished her best friend Suhana Khan on her 20th birthday. The Student of the Year 2 actor took to Instagram to wish Shah Rukh Khans daughter with a sweet message and a throwback picture. Ananya shared a lovely picture from one of their outings to Shah Rukhs Alibaug bungalow and wrote, The two things I miss the most - the great outdoors and SUHANA!!!  happy 20th bday Sue ...but u will be my little baby forever. While Suhana is on the left in a vest and a skirt, Ananya is in a green shirt. Suhana was quick to acknowledge her friends birthday wish and went on to engage in a banter in the comments section. She wrote in response, Hahaha you found one not bad, and added, I love youu thank you xxx and Misss uu. Several of their industry friends also wished Suhana in the comments section. Sussanne Khan wrote, Two beautiful dolls inside and out. Ananyas mother Bhavna Panday showered the post with a few heart emojis. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on May 14, 2020 at 8:08am PDT A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on May 14, 2020 at 8:08am PDT Suhana had recently posed for an at-home photoshoot at her residence Mannat. Her mother Gauri Khan clicked her photos and shared them on Instagram with a mention, No hair !!!!! No make up !!!! Just my photography!!!! Suhana is currently staying with her family in Mumbai and has been utilising her time to learn belle dancing through online classes during her time at home. Belle dancer Sanjana Muthreja had recently shared a picture that displayed how their sessions are progressing now. Also read: Happy birthday Suhana Khan: Check out her 10 best pics with Shah Rukh Khan, Gauri, Aryan and AbRam Suhana had returned from New York where she is studying ahead of the lockdown. Talking about her friends wish to join Bollywood, Ananya had told Pinkvilla last year, I think she wants to finish her education and make the most of that and then whenever she wants to she will come back and act. She is really, really talented and I cant just wait. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/sensex-falls-262-36-points-to-30-670-54-in-opening-session/story-oGliMwc7cYr1XRuh8SYEUK.html</url>
<title>Sensex, Nifty off days low after RBI rate cut announcements</title>
<body >Domestic equity markets dropped over 1% on Friday after Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Shaktikanta Das said repo rate has been slashed by 40 basis points (bps) to 4% and that reverse repo rate now stands at 3.35% from 3.75%. Das also said the GDP growth in FY21 is expected to be in negative territory. At 11:21am, Sensex was down 264.02 points or 0.85% at 30,668.88 and Nifty was down 0.83% or 75.75 at 9,030.50. Out of the 30 shares on Sensex, only seven were in the green. The Nifty sectoral indices were largely in the red and were led by Nifty Pvt Bank and Nifty Financial Services indexes, which were both down by over 2% each. Infosys gained 3.03% after the class action lawsuit filed against the company in the US was dismissed. Reliance Industries earlier gained 1% after the conglomerate said that KKR would invest Rs 11,367 crore into Jio Platforms for 2.32 per cent equity stake. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 11:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/china-hindering-patrolling---india-slams-beijing-after-ladakh-sikkim-fistfightsvideo/video-wuXB0iYlzk7VwvPQcqm39H.html</url>
<title>China hindering patrolling: India slams Beijing after Ladakh, Sikkim fistfights</title>
<body >India rejected Chinas allegations of transgression at Line of Actual Control. India said that all activities of its troops were on Indian side of LAC. Recently, there were skirmishes between soldiers of both sides in Ladakh and Sikkim. Subsequently, both India and China increased deployment in Ladakhs Galwan. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/balbir-singh-senior-a-man-who-never-let-india-down/story-7weYOscWwSWgXhElf3z4iM.html</url>
<title>Balbir Singh Senior, a man who never let India down</title>
<body >It was on Tarlochan Singh Bawas death in April 2008 that Balbir Singh Senior had said: One by one the members of 1948 Olympics team are going and very soon we would have the complete team (up) there. My number is also going to come soon, as the team cant afford to ignore the services of their most trusted forward player. Teammates that they were --- playing for pre-Partition Punjab and India --- Singh and Bawa were also inseparable from any hockey event here. Singh continued the tradition till October, 2018 when he had to spend 102 days in hospital with pneumonia and heart ailments. Singh died here on Monday. He was 96. A former India captain, Singh was part of teams that won three Olympic gold medals (1948, 1952, 1956) and as Asian Games silver (1958). Keshav Datt is now the only surviving member of the team of 48. Also Read | Role models like him come rare: Sporting fraternity mourns death of hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr As player, manager or coach, India never missed the podium when Singh was involved. Indias only World Cup title came in 1975 when Singh was manager. In 1971, India won bronze in the World Cup when Singh was coach. Exactly how good a centre-forward Singh was can be gauged by a piece of statistic that stands as Olympic record: he scored five goals in the 1952 final against Holland in a 6-1 win. No one has scored that many in a gold-medal match ever. On his Olympics debut in 1948 against Argentina, Singh scored six goals, another record. He was invited as a living legend for the 2012 Games in London. A team man But Singh never spoke of individual ability. Recalling Indias 1975 World Cup campaign, he had said: So many people worked so hard to make it possible. The boys played with unity, for each other and there was no place for showmanship. It was the combined efforts that made winning for India possible. And at a Chandigarh Press Club event on August 12, 2018 --- to mark 70 years of India winning their first Olympics hockey gold --- Singh, after politely refusing to deliver his speech while sitting, had said: Hockey is a team game and without my team I would be nobody. Also Read | Balbir Singh Senior: Highlights of a stellar career in hockey The comment was preceded by Singh naming teammates from the London Games and their playing positions. The ability to talk in almost graphic detail about games in Amritsar and Lahore and team members of college, state and India teams stayed with Singh till he was admitted to hospital for the last time on May 8. Every time he described the medal ceremony of the 1948 Games --- his arms rising slowly to depict Indias flag being hoisted for the first time --- Singhs eyes would moist over. As a child I used to ask my father (Dalip Singh Dosanjh), who was a freedom fighter, what independence meant and what we would get out of it. Hed reply that independence would give us our own identity, flag and pride forever, said Singh, in an interview to this paper in August, 2018. That day, when our flag was hoisted in front of thousands at Wembley stadium, I realised what independence meant. It was the proudest moment for me and for all Indians back home. When the national anthem was played and the flag was going up, I felt like I was flying. PICTURES: Balbir Singh Sr passes away: A look back at historic career of Hockey legend India, only 362 days old as a country and forced to rebuild the hockey team because a number of key players had chosen to play for Pakistan, beat Great Britain 4-0 in the final with Singh scoring twice. At the Games, players from Pakistan, Singh wrote in his autobiography The Golden Hat Trick, who were teammates till months ago, would keep their distance. One friendship though was revived in March 2005 when Shazada Muhammad Shahrukh, who along with his brother Shazada Khurram played for Punjab with Singh, visited Mohali during an India-Pakistan cricket Test. Its was pleasant surprise for me. When a journalist asked Shahrukh whether he had come to Chandigarh to watch the Test, his answer was that cricket was just an excuse; he had come to meet his friend Balbir, said Singh after Shahrukh had visited his house. Heeding PM Shastris appeal In 1965, Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri appealed to Indians to contribute to the National Defence Fund, Singh had wanted to hand over his Olympic medals. The countrys troubled time was bigger than my Olympic medals. Thats why I gave it to the national defence fund, Singh said later. On Singhs insistence, the medals were kept in the Punjabs chief ministers office. A few months later, they were sent to Singh, then head of the sports department in Punjab --- with a letter which said: These medals are the countrys pride and prestige and couldnt be sold. When Singh went to the 2012 Games, the gold medals were displayed in an exhibition and insured for Rs 50 lakh each. Born in Haripur Khalsa, Punjab, on December 31, 1923, hockey was more than a sport for Singh who retired from the Punjab sports department in 1982. During the preparatory camp for the 1975 World Cup, Singhs father died and wife Sushil was in hospital for four weeks following a brain hemorrhage. The only day Singh missed the camp was on December 29 when his father was cremated. For a player who excelled at his craft when India ruled field hockey --- Singh was the first sportsperson to be awarded the Padma Shree, in 1957, four years before the Arjuna awards were instituted --- he was remarkably free of rancour about the present. Its been 40 years since India last won the Olympic gold but Singh never questioned the players effort. He was also unfailingly generous with his time. Singh set great store by the number 13. It was his shirt number at the 1952 Olympics in Helsinki. During the acclimatization for the Olympics in Copenhagen, a girl said I am wearing an unlucky number. I told her that in north India, tera (Number 13) is also a form of addressing God. So, for me its my luckiest number. In Helsinki, the van that took us to the stadium for our first match had a number plate that added up to 13. In the entire tournament (Olympics) we scored 13 goals, he said. If conversations ever veered to the subject of death, Singh would inevitably say, My only wish is that whenever I go, I shouldnt have any burden of hurting anybodys sentiments. Singh is survived by daughter Sushbir Bhomia, sons Kanwalbir, Karanbir and Gurbir and grandchildren among whom is Kabir Bhomia, who put his life on hold to look after nanji. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 01:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/police-beat-up-on-call-cardiologist-in-srinagar-say-doctor-manhandled-policeman/story-EesLV0oAugdRoa2SxYMQ2M.html</url>
<title>Police beat up on-call cardiologist in Srinagar,  say doctor manhandled policeman</title>
<body >A senior cardiologist at Shri Maharaja Hari Singh Hospital has alleged that he was harassed and beaten up by the police while he was en route to the hospital on May 23. The police have launched an enquiry while maintaining that the doctor had manhandled the policeman on duty. The complainant, Dr Syed Maqbool, was crossing Hawal Chowk when he was stopped by a policeman and asked to take a different route. The doctor showed him his I-card and the hospitals duty roster to show that he was the cardiologist on call that day but to no avail. On May 23, I was the cardiologist on call for SMHS and all other associated hospitals. I requested the policeman to allow me to pass as I was already getting late due to a traffic jam. However, the cop started abusing me. I got off my vehicle and asked him to confer with someone at his office, which enraged the policeman further. He started hitting me with his baton. In the meantime, the station house officer (SHO) arrived and dragged me to the policestation, said Dr Maqbool. POLICEMAN LIKENED DOCTORS TO THIEVES: DOCTOR On reaching the police station, the policeman took away my phone and the identity card. I repeatedly requested him to allow me to call my head of department and medical college principal as I was to deal with all emergency cases but the officer said all doctors were thieves who thrive by selling duplicate medicines and taking commission. It was only after I apologised that I was allowed to call my colleague and ask him to depute someone else. I was let go after my brother submitted a bond. My vehicle is still in police custody. Dr Maqbool alleged that the SHO warned him not to tell anybody about me being taken into police custody. OFFICER THREATENED TO STRIP ME NAKED The officer was extremely rude and threatened to strip me naked. I was harassed while performing my duty amid the Covid-19 pandemic. Upon being released, instead of going to home, Dr Maqbool walked six kilometers to the hospital and performed two angioplasties. I am a senior interventional cardiologist who has represented state and country at multiple and national and international forums with multiple awards to my credit and if this is how I am treated by the police, I shudder to think what will become of my juniors. All of this while the world is dealing with a deadly disease that is killing thousands of people everyday, he said. On being questioned about the manhandling charges, the cardiologist categorically refuted the charges: The police ae lying. There are CCTV cameras on Hawal chowk and the footage will reveal the truth. Should I be found guilty, I am ready to face punishment. However, the arrogant police officer must be brought to book, he said. DOCTORS DEMORALISED, THREATEN STRIKE Srinagar Medical College principal Dr Samia Rashid said she had taken up the issue with all top officials of the administration who had promised that action will be taken against the offending officer. The doctor was on call and still he was stopped and jailed. This issue has demoralised our doctors, especially those on the frontlines. We are willing to go on strike against the polices treatment of doctors. DOCTOR COMING FROM WRONG SIDE : POLICE Srinagar SSP Haseeb Mughal said the doctor had reportedly tried to manhandle the policeman. We had filed a complaint against the doctor after he reportedly manhandled a policeman who stopped him as he was coming from the wrong side. When the policeman stopped the doctor, he pushed the policemen saying he was in a hurry. Now, he has filed a complaint so I have asked the Hazratbal SP to investigate the matter. We have already taken legal cognisance of his misconduct, the SSP said. WONT ALLOW ANYONE TO MISBEHAVE WITH JAWANS If one of our jawans are found at fault, disciplinary action will be taken but at the same time we will not allow anybody to manhandle and misbehave with police personnel who are on duty 24/7. The issue has created an uproar on the social media with many doctors saying frontline workers in Kashmir were being mistreated by the police. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/worst-locust-attack-in-26-years-all-about-the-latest-threat-amid-covid-19-outbreak/story-HCSl5S2bvqQT3mIeWijOsL.html</url>
<title>Worst locust attack in 26 years: All about the latest threat amid Covid-19 outbreak</title>
<body >Standing crops and vegetables in at least five states in the country face a major threat as swarms of locust have been reported a month in advance. The Union environment ministry warned in a statement last week that locust swarms have entered Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh. It said Rajasthan is the most affected state and added the swarm has entered the country earlier than expected. Uttar Pradesh has also reported the attacks and there is an alert for Maharashtra as well as Delhi. The United Nations (UN) has warned that armies of locusts swarming across continents pose a severe risk to Indias agriculture this year. What are locusts? Locusts are the oldest migratory pests in the world, according to the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO). These insects differ from ordinary grasshoppers in their ability to change behaviour and form swarms that can migrate over large distances. The most devastating of all locust species is the Desert Locust (schistocerca gregaria), according to the FAO. The locusts, which are considered to be among the most dangerous pests known to humanity, reproduce fast  20-fold within three months  the FAO experts noted. An adult locust can eat quantity equal to its weight daily, and just a single square kilometre of the swarm can contain up to 80 million adults, they said. Locusts can fly up to 150km daily and a one square km swarm can eat as much food as 35,000 people in terms of weight in a single day. What has pushed the outbreak? The recent locust outbreak along the India-Pakistan border may have been driven by the longer-than-usual monsoon across the region, and frequent cyclones in the Indian Ocean, scientists say. The current locust outbreak is the biggest in 25 years in Ethiopia and Somalia, 26 years in India, 70 years in Kenya, Keith Cressman, locust forecasting officer at FAO told PTI. The outbreak started after heavy amounts of rains over east Africa and the Arabian Peninsula, Roxy Mathew Koll, a climate scientist at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) in Pune added. Koll noted heavy rains, which drove the locust outbreak, occurred due to intense storm activity sourced from the Arabian Sea during the last two seasons. Heavy rain triggers the growth of vegetation in arid areas where desert locusts can then grow and breed, he said. Koll explained that recently climate change accentuated the phenomenon called the Indian Ocean Dipole, with warmer than usual waters to its west, and cooler waters to its east. On top of that, the rising temperatures due to global warming made the Western Indian Ocean particularly warm, he said. Cressman said the current locust invasion in India by an unprecedented number of swarms originated in southern Iran from their breeding in spring last year. Summer breeding along both sides of the Indo-Pakistan border was much higher than normal due to the swarm invasion and the monsoon rains lasting one month longer than normal, allowing up to three generations of breeding, Cressman said. What is the government doing? Authorities across the country have said they have stepped up vigil, deployed drones to detect their movement and held talks with Pakistan, the most likely gateway for an invasion by the insects, on ways to minimise the damage. The government is also considering importing equipment from the UK, apart from deploying drones, satellite-derived tools, special fire-tenders and sprayers at pre-identified border locations. Whats the latest status? On Monday, locusts were seen flying over Jaipur even as officials of the agriculture department said the swarm over the city was on its way to Dausa. Officials said the swarm that flew over Jaipur city came from Nagaur. More than half of Rajasthans 33 districts are affected by invasion by these insects, which are traditionally known to be attacking western Rajasthan districts bordering Pakistan. Swarms of locusts arrived in Malhargarh area of Madhya Pradeshs Mandsaur district on Sunday. Scientists from central locust team and agricultural science department conducted an exercise and removed around 60% of them by spraying, said Manoj Pushp, Mandsaur District Magistrate. The Jhansi district administration in Uttar Pradesh has directed fire brigade to keep its vehicle ready with chemicals following a sudden movement of a swarm of locusts. The villagers along with the common public has been told to inform the control room about the movement. The locusts will go places where there is green grass or greenery. Hence, details about the movement at such places must be shared, Andra Vamsi, Jhansis district magistrate, said. Kamal Katiyar, the deputy director of the agriculture department, said the swarm of locusts, which is moving, is small in size. We have got the news that nearly 2.5 to a 3-kilometre long swarm of locusts has entered the country. A team has come from Kota (Rajasthan) to tackle the locusts, Katiyar said. At present, the locust swarm is at Bangra Magarpur in Jhansi. Spraying of insecticides will be done in the night, Katiyar said. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/news-updates-from-hindustan-times-war-of-words-between-piyush-goyal-and-sanjay-raut-over-shramik-trains-from-maharashtra-and-all-the-latest-news/story-EvTnvqM8MeIMtkv9yX8oON.html</url>
<title>News updates from Hindustan Times: War of words between Piyush Goyal and Sanjay Raut over Shramik trains from Maharashtra and all the latest news</title>
<body >Here are todays top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times. War of words between Piyush Goyal and Sanjay Raut over Shramik trains from Maharashtra A war of words has broken out between Union Minister for Railways and Commerce  Industry Piyush Goyal and Shiv Sena member of Rajya Sabha Sanjay Raut over an alleged 50% less number of Shramik Special trains being provided daily to ferry stranded migrant workers out of Maharashtra. Read more. Army Chief Naravanes 2012 prophecy on Chinese strategy rings true in Ladakh sector Back in the autumn of 2012, a senior faculty member at the Mhow-based Army War College published a paper on the Chinas war zone campaign (WZC). Beijing would, the army officer argued, seek to coerce smaller adversaries into acceding to Chinas demand through graded threat of force or actual use of force till its ends are met. Read more. China to evacuate citizens from India amid pandemic, rising border tension China is planning to evacuate its citizens from India amid the spreading Covid-19 pandemic in the country, a notice issued by the Chinese embassy in New Delhi said on Monday. Read more. Babar Azam almost in Virat Kohli, Steve Smiths league: Misbah-ul-Haq There has been no cricketing action in the last two months due to the Covid-19 pandemic but that hasnt been able to keep the likes of India captain Virat Kohli, Australias Steve Smith and Pakistan limited-overs skipper Babar Azam away from news. Read more. When Daniel Radcliffe said Harry Potter turned him into an alcoholic, revealed details about sex life Actor Daniel Radcliffe struggled with alcohol while filming the Harry Potter movies. Radcliffe spoke candidly about his alcoholism years after appearing in his final Harry Potter film. Read more. Govt selects 10 Indian startups to develop Zoom rival The Indian government, last month, had launched a challenge inviting Indian companies to build a secure alternative to the video conferencing app Zoom. Read more. Yoga for holistic health:Tackle obesity, depression and other mental health issues with yoga and meditation Yoga can play an important role in restoring health in a holistic manner and promoting better physical, mental, emotional and spiritual health. Read more. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: BSEB matric result to be declared tomorrow at 12.30pm Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB) will declare the BSEB matric result 2020 on Tuesday at 12:30 pm. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor announced that the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 will be declared tomorrow at onlinebseb.in. Read more. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/jnu-asks-stranded-students-residing-in-hostel-to-return-home/story-0o3SIUPHEks03DM1mK1QOK.html</url>
<title>JNU asks stranded students residing in hostel to return home</title>
<body >Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) has asked the students who are stranded and still living in Hostels to return back to their hometown and come back after the varsity re-opens. It may be recalled that many students had stayed back in the hostel though the university had been closed as the lockdown was imposed. A number students had stayed back in hostels at that time due to non-availability of public transport. In a circular iisued on Monday by Dean of Students Sudheer Pratap Singh, Students have been asked to return to their hometown in view of the resumption of transport facility and increasing number of coronavirus infection cases in Delhi. As is widely reported the Indian Railways has begun to run special trains and around 200 more trains are going to be started from 1st June 2020. The intra-state bus and taxi services have also started by the state governments. Transport arrangements are, moreover, being made by some state Governments for the return of students of their respective states. Further, as per the MHA, Govt. of India and Delhi Government guidelines, issued from time to time, the University has announced that students can return to campus on or after 25 June 2020 and till then all academic activities are closed. This is to underline that the Government of India updates daily about the COVID-19 pandemic situation in India. At present, the number of cases in Delhi is increasing swiftly day by day. Keeping in view the above facts, all students who are stranded and residing in the hostels are, hereby, strongly advised to return to their hometown and come back after the opening of the University, reads the notification. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/mp-farmer-ostracised-for-failing-to-perform-rites-for-dead-son-during-lockdown/story-QbE2xzQDHHMISbsfEAPVGP.html</url>
<title>MP farmer ostracised for failing to perform rites after sons death during lockdown</title>
<body >A farmer in Bundelkhand region has filed a complaint with police accusing members of his community of ostracising him for failing to perform religious rites following the death of his son. The complainant said he couldnt perform the 13th day religious ritual first due to the Janata Curfew and later due to lockdown restrictions to curb the spread of Covid-19. Brijgopal Patel, a resident of Khajwa village in Madhya Pradeshs Chhatarpur district, said in his complaint filed at sub-divisional officer of police (SDOP) of Rajnagar town on Saturday,that his 15-year-old son died after drowning in an under-construction well in his agriculture field on March 9. I couldnt organise the terhavi (The 13th day ritual after death) due to Janta curfew and later lockdown and curfew restrictions as I feared that it would mean a large gathering of invitees and everyone including my family and I would be exposed to the threat of being infected with coronavirus. However, a panchayat was convened by other community members at the village at the end of March and a diktat was announced that my family would remain boycotted till I organise the ritual, Patel said in his complaint. The farmer alleged that as per the diktat, he and his family cant fetch water from the village well and they cant take part in any auspicious programme in any other community members family. Sub-divisional officer of police (SDOP), Rajnagar town, Manmohan Baghel said, I have instructed Rajnagar police station to investigate the charges. Statements of the complainant and other villagers have been recorded. Action will be taken based on the findings of the investigation. Rajnagar janpad panchayat chief executive officer (CEO) Pratipal Singh Bagri said, Ostracising anyone is a wrong practice. I constituted a team of janpad panchayat personnel after coming to know about the matter to help the farmer and take action against the guilty persons. There has been a lockdown since March 24 across the country to curb the spread of coronavirus pandemic. It has been extended thrice during the past two months and is now slated to end on May 31. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/uttarakhand-youth-are-saying-thank-you-to-covid-warriors-at-hospitals-police-posts-with-music/story-99oCU5fT9Z193WzXcxGFUK.html</url>
<title>Uttarakhand youth are saying thank you to Covid warriors at hospitals, police posts with music</title>
<body >Expressing gratitude towards front line health, sanitation and security personnel, two members of a Delhi-based rock band Nazm are giving live musical performances before Covid warriors in Uttarakhand, appreciating their contribution to saving lives while risking their own in these testing times. From hospitals, medical centres to police stations, the rock band members, Raghav Raja, vocalist and Rohit Joshi, guitarist--who hail from Haridwar-- are letting the Covid warriors know with their music that the country is in their debt. Stuck at their homes since March-end when the lockdown began, Raghav Raja and Rohit Joshi decided to motivate and provide some musical solace to the frontline workers by penning patriotic and motivational songs. Their Rock band Nazm specializes in Sufi, Bollywood, folk and alternative rock music We have performed in various Indian cities as well as in foreign countries like Dubai but its a unique feeling performing for health, sanitation and police workers who are actually a solid wall between us and coronavirus. Smile and appreciation we receive from these personnel is the best reward for us. We know they rarely get time out for any recreational activity as Covid-19 has severely affected the whole of humanity for the past three months, said Raghav and Rohit. Appreciating their initiative, Haridwars chief medical officer Dr Saroj Naithani said, We allowed them to perform as their intention is noble and we are getting good response from the health personnel. From showering of petals, garlanding, clapping to being praised through musical performances by these youths, we all feel motivated and get the inner strength to carry on our war against the coronavirus pandemic, said Dr Saroj Naithani. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 Raghav and Rohits initiative is also getting appreciation and backing from their families and neighbours in Haridwars Vivek Vihar Colony, where they live. From local devotional song evenings, enactment of Ramleela, performances in marriages to social and cultural events, both Raghav and Rohit, over the years have become known faces in our city. They are affectionately called 2-R. We feel proud when officials and health personnel applaud their musical performances, said Anusha, Raghavs sister, who herself plays tabla and harmonium. Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Senthyl Aboodai Krishan, who gave permission to the duo to perform at police stations, said such sentiments for the people fighting the epidemic is a good sign for the society and it motivates and encourages the professionals at the front line to even risk their lives in the line of duty. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/vikram-chandra-on-havoc-by-cyclone-amphan-new-flight-rules-other-top-stories/video-afpvyQD7Yd7L8XSDlLJdIN.html</url>
<title>Vikram Chandra on havoc by Cyclone Amphan, new flight rules, other top stories</title>
<body >With Odisha and particularly West Bengal facing considerable loss of life due to Cyclone Amphan, the Centre has decided to send teams over to the states to ascertain the damage. Meanwhile, in a bid to open the economy, domestic flights have been resumed and new flight rules have been announced. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/luxury-brands-makes-rainbow-symbol-of-hope/story-Q1FMvnQrllOmOeDoCcHc0M.html</url>
<title>Luxury brands makes Rainbow symbol of hope</title>
<body >Major brands like Cartier, Louis Vuitton and United Colors of Benetton have taken to social media to express rainbow as a symbol of hope in these trying times when the world is fighting a pandemic. Laurent Feniou, Managing Director of Cartier, LVMH group and Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, Global Artistic Director of United Colors of Benetton initiated a Rainbow Challenge as a creative ray of hope and positive pillar across the globe. Jean-Charles de Castelbajac tells IANSlife: In 1997, I have been committed by the Vatican to dress Pope John Paul II, 500 bishops, 5000 priests and 1 million of kids. I choose to dress them with the colors of the rainbow. At the end of this magic ceremony, the Pope told me you have used colors as cement of faith. For brands all over the world, today, only colours can united people in peace and no other brand can do it better than United Colors of Benetton. The Italian brand, which is known for its colourful outfits, is sending out the message of unity through its posts on Instagram featuring its rainbow-inspired collection. The brand posted pictures of its stores in Italy and other places with a rainbow overhead to celebrate its re-opening after being closed for months due to the lockdown. Our stores are open again, in Italy too. Enjoy shopping and lets all respect the rules we already know, read one of the captions. Laurent Feniou, Managing Director of Cartier, posted a picture of the Cartier building with rainbow shade in solidarity of the National Health Service of the UK and the healthcare workers who are at the forefront of the global battle against the pandemic COVID-19. Whether it be by painting, writing, singing, dancing, photography, objects or any multi-media platform of your choice, this colourful show of appreciation will uplift and unite friends of the Maison during this global fight, he captioned the picture. Adding: All Friends of the Maison and their family are invited. Do not hesitate to post your artwork on #CartierOverTheRainbow...This art challenge will accompany our local charitable initiative for NHS Charities Together. Louis Vuitton has also posted several pictures and videos that depict its interpretation of the seven colours. The French fashion house posted an animated video in which it has defined rainbow as a stretch of the imagination. The rainbow, a stretch of the imagination. In 1925, Gaston-Louis Vuitton wrote Lets turn the street into a cheerful space. Today, #LouisVuittons tradition of creative shop windows ensures as a perpetual invitation for the spirit of travel. As select stores begin to re-open around the world, hand-drawn rainbows by children and employees serve as welcoming beacons of hope during this uncertain time. #LV, read the caption. While another video posted by LV features pictures of rainbows painted by the children of Louis Vuittons employees. The caption read: A symbol of hope. Rainbows drawn by the children of #LouisVuitton employees have appeared across store windows worldwide as colourful beacons of joy during these challenging times. It also posted a picture of Maison Louis Vuitton, Milano, Italy with rainbows drawn of its entry to celebrate the opening of its store. Embarking on a new adventure. As select stores begin to re-open around the world, hand-drawn rainbows by children and employees serve as welcoming beacons of hope during this uncertain time. In a collaborative effort, all participants were encouraged to awaken their inner child and draw their own version of a rainbow. #LV #LouisVuitton, the brand captioned the picture. (This story has been published from a wire agency without modifications to the text) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/will-the-post-corona-world-see-a-resurrection-of-single-screens/story-yd0LEyxNB7nu5M11wYka7O.html</url>
<title>Will the post-Corona world see a resurrection of single screens?</title>
<body >With the emergence of multiplexes, single screens have received a severe blow. While many have died an inconspicuous death over the years owing to stiff competition from multiplexes, many have been converted into them. And while the business garnered by both might face a roadblock in the near future, industry experts believe that the post-Corona world will see a resurrection of the single screen theatre. Veteran producer Mukesh Bhatt believes that cheap ticket rates will bring in people at single movie halls. Theyve cheaper tickets. A huge chunk of our population cannot afford a gold class ticket but they do have the right to be entertained, he says. Director Milap Zaveri asserts that the films that are slated for a release in the latter half of the year are single-screen friendly movies and will contribute to their business. He says, Single screen owners are of the opinion that a commercial masala entertainer is the way to resurrect single screens. It will take a Sooryavanshi, a Radhe or a Coolie No 1 for their business to witness a surge. Whenever cinemas reopen, the first audience wholl go back to the cinemas is the masses and theyll see the maximum footfalls. Trade analyst Atul Mohan opines that with support from actors, single screen owners might be able to heave a sigh of relief. Resonating with Zaveri, he adds, Producers arent giving away Sooryanvanshi, Radhe and Laxmmi Bomb to the OTT platforms as are masala entertainers that will appeal to single screen audiences. Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar know that their films are best enjoyed on the single screen. Anish Jain, Head of Finance  Taxation, at one of Indias most popular single screens, Raj Mandir (Jaipur) says that its seating capacity is more than any high-end plexes in the city and have planned on coming up with a policy to fit in lesser number of people and implement more effective safety measures. He elaborates, Well be keeping two empty seats between viewers and handing over masks to them at the time of handing them their tickets. Were planning to install a sanitisation machine. Contrary to others, Manoj Desai, Executive Director, G7 and Marathi Mandir, believes that its going to be a Herculean task for both multiplexes and single screens to run in full swing. So many people have left Mumbai. We dont know when theyll return. Entertainment is going to be the last thing on peoples minds even after the lockdown is lifted. I also dont know if the idea of keeping a gap of two seats between people is going to work out for couples, he says. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/west-indies-ready-to-send-25-man-squad-to-england-for-test-series-in-june/story-R1x3SffSDr5zz776UXjSmJ.html</url>
<title>West Indies ready with plan to send 25-man squad for Test series in England in June</title>
<body >The chief executive of West Indies cricket team says a plan is in place to fly a 25-man squad to England around June 8 ahead of a three-test series starting a month later in bio-secure stadiums with no spectators. Johnny Grave says he has been in discussions with the England and Wales Cricket Board for the past six weeks and that Cricket West Indies is expecting a formal offer to go ahead with the tour in the coming days. ALSO READ: When your parents dont pay your mobile phone bill, Yuvraj Singh shares throwback picture Grave says in an interview with espncricinfo.com the players would take privately sourced tests for COVID-19 three or four days before the departure date. They would then convene at a base in Antigua and fly out in one aircraft on the same day, before being transported to their quarantine and training venue where they would spend about three weeks. He adds that the current plan is for the test matches to start July 8, July 16 and July 24. The tour was due to start on June 4 but no professional cricket can be played in England before July 1 because of the coronavirus outbreak. Grave says there is still some apprehension among players and support staff about leaving their families for seven weeks, travelling to Britain and playing in bio-secure venues, but that no player has said formally he does not want to tour. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/avoid-cooking-during-peak-heat-hours-slow-down-on-caffeinated-drinks-dos-and-don-ts-to-battle-heatwave/story-SHZJ9YRzk4g1aUFi4h1v6O.html</url>
<title>Avoid cooking during peak hours, slow down on caffeinated drinks: Dos and donts to battle heatwave</title>
<body >As parts of North India sizzle under heatwave conditions, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has said that no respite is likely in the coming days. The Met department has issued a red warning for Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, west and east Rajasthan on May 25 and 26 for heatwave or severe heatwave conditions. The weather department has said that a drop in temperature is not likely for the coming 4-5 days. The national capital on Sunday witnessed sweltering heat with the mercury rising as high as 44.4 degrees Celsius in the Safdarjung area. A dip in temperature is predicted over the weekend when rain is likely to occur in Delhi around May 28. Vidarbha region and parts of Rajasthan witnessed the temperature cross 46 degrees Celsius on Sunday. Nagpur Sonegaon in Maharashtra recorded 46.2 degrees Celsius; Churu in Rajasthan 46.6 degrees Celsius, Akola in Maharashtra 46 degrees Celsius, according to the IMD. Amid heatwave conditions and spell of dry weather prevailing across parts of the country, heres what precautions one must take to stay protected and what must be avoided as stated by the IMD. Also read: Red alert issued as heatwave intensifies in north India, likely to persist for 4-5 days How to minimize the impact of heatwave  Drink sufficient water and as often as possible.  Wear lightweight, light-coloured, loose cotton clothes.  Use protective gear like goggles, umbrella/hat, shoes or sandals while stepping out during the day.  Always carry water while travelling, carry water with you.  Load up on electrolytes, homemade drinks like lassi, lemon water, buttermilk and keep hydrated.  Recognize the signs of heat stroke, heat rash or heat cramps such as weakness, dizziness, headache, nausea, sweating and seizures. Visit a doctor immediately on feeling faintish or dizzy.  Keep your home cool; use curtains, shutters or sunshade and open windows at night. Also read: Mercury inches towards 42C amid heatwave alert in Chandigarh What must be avoided  Do not leave children or pets in parked vehicles.  Avoid going out in the sun, especially between 12.00 noon and 3.00 pm  Avoid wearing dark, heavy or tight clothing.  Avoid strenuous activities when the temperature is high.  Avoid working outside between 12 noon and 3 pm  Avoid cooking during peak heat hours.  Open doors and windows to ventilate cooking area adequately.  Avoid alcohol, tea, coffee and carbonated soft drinks which dehydrate the body. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/film-set-vandalised-by-right-wing-group-kerala-cm-promises-strong-action/story-sUdVmktLtSgQ0usTMNEmvO.html</url>
<title>Film set vandalised by right-wing group, Kerala CM promises strong action</title>
<body >Kerala government on Monday constituted a special investigation team (SIT), headed by Ernakulam rural superintendent of police (SP) K Karthick, to probe the attack on a film set by a little known right-wing group, Antharashtra Hindu Parishad (AHA), a day before. The film set, a replica of a church, erected near a temple at Aluva in Keralas central Ernakulam district, was demolished on Sunday night by a group of people owing allegiance to AHA and later they posted a video of the attack on social media. The under-production Malayalam film, Minnal Murali, was set to be released in August, but will be delayed because of the lockdown restrictions, which were imposed in end-March to contain the spread of coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak, and also because of Sundays attack. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) have condemned the attack and sought strict action against the perpetrators. Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said action would be taken against those responsible for the despicable act. Many bodies related to the film industry also condemned the attack. The films director, Basil Joseph, said they had obtained the permission from the panchayat, the temple body, and the irrigation department before erecting the set to shoot the concluding scenes of the movie, starring actor Tovino Thomas in the lead role. We have heard of movie sets being vandalised by religious fanatics in some parts of north India. Sad, now it is happening here in Kerala, Tovino wrote in a social media post. Locals said some fringe outfits had expressed reservation over setting up the set, that too a replica of the church, near a temple. Police said assailants have been identified and they would be arrested soon. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-says-being-a-father-is-his-greatest-source-of-pride-shares-sketch-made-by-abram/story-Alo2pSjEME7XPLBvAwiARO.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan says being a father is his greatest source of pride, shares sketch made by AbRam</title>
<body >Actor Shah Rukh Khan was bowled over by a drawing that his six-year-old son AbRam made of the two of them. The picture was captioned AbRam and papa and featured them standing on either side of a large heart, with several small hearts as well. Sharing the sketch on Twitter, Shah Rukh wrote, Being a father (3x) has been, my greatest source of pride, humility, inspiration  even achievement. It has taught me to choose innocent honesty over smarts....in every aspect of life. My lil one told me I look better than him in his drawing cos I am smiling without a reason.... Being a father (3x) has been, my greatest source of pride, humility, inspiration  even achievement. It has taught me to choose innocent honesty over smarts....in every aspect of life. My lil one told me I look better than him in his drawing cos I am smiling without a reason.... pic.twitter.com/PJu3zRhDAP Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) March 2, 2020 Being a father (3x) has been, my greatest source of pride, humility, inspiration  even achievement. It has taught me to choose innocent honesty over smarts....in every aspect of life. My lil one told me I look better than him in his drawing cos I am smiling without a reason.... pic.twitter.com/PJu3zRhDAP Shah Rukh, who also has an elder son Aryan and daughter Suhana, proudly shares his childrens achievements on social media. Just last month, he shared a picture of AbRam with a gold medal after his Taekwondo tournament, and wrote that his children have won more awards than him. Also Watch | SRK felicitates winner of Shah Rukh Khan PhD Scholarship: Education is the way forward You train...u fight...u succeed. Then do it all over again. I think with this medal, my kids have more awards than I have. Its a good thing...now I need to train more! Proud and inspired! he wrote. You train...u fight...u succeed. Then do it all over again. I think with this medal, my kids have more awards than I have. Its a good thing...now I need to train more! Proud and inspired! pic.twitter.com/pyHvJ1WVts Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) February 9, 2020 You train...u fight...u succeed. Then do it all over again. I think with this medal, my kids have more awards than I have. Its a good thing...now I need to train more! Proud and inspired! pic.twitter.com/pyHvJ1WVts In an earlier interview with India Today, Shah Rukh said that he would rather spend quality time with his children  Aryan, Suhana and AbRam  than do anything else. I have no other interest in life. People find it very strange. Theres only one interest high up in life... that is to play with children. I love kids, and not in the nice, pat-sy way; I just love kids. I like being around them, and I have three of them. Ive really had some amazing times with them. Id rather be with my children than be anyplace else. Thats the only thing Id rather do more than acting, he had said. Shah Rukh, whose last release was Aanand L Rais Zero, has not yet announced his next film as an actor, after its debacle. However, he has his hands full as a producer and his next production, Kaamyaab, starring Sanjay Mishra, will hit the theatres this Friday (March 6). Directed by Hardik Mehta, Kaamyaab stars Sanjay as a character artiste, who has done 499 films and wants to set a personal record by starring in his 500th film. Shah Rukh is producing the film under his banner Red Chillies Entertainment. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 02, 2020 13:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/iforindia-concert-latest-updates-priyanka-chopra-shah-rukh-khan-will-smith-aishwarya-rai-raise-funds-for-covid-19-relief/story-uKKSWp9bQAShDjLADUy3JI.html</url>
<title>iForIndia concert highlights: Mira Nair remembers Irrfan Khan, Amitabh Bachchan pays tribute to Rishi Kapoor</title>
<body >The country is geared up on Sunday for a massive online concert called iForIndia with top Bollywood and global stars, including rock legend Mick Jagger, to raise funds for those affected by the coronavirus pandemic. It has been organised by filmmakers Karan Johar and Zoya Akhtar with Give India. More than 70 of the countrys biggest celebrities -- including cricket captain Virat Kohli and actor Shah Rukh Khan -- as well as international names such as Will Smith and Bryan Adams are set to join the show to be live-streamed by Facebook.  Check out the highlights: Show ends The concert ended with Shah Rukh Khans performance. By the end of the live, the concert had raised almost Rs 3.2 crore. Fans in the comment sections lauded Shah Rukh, Alia, Madhuri and Arijits performances. Some artists were also called out for lip-syncing through their segments. Shah Rukh Khan sings a song, Will Smith shares a message Shah Rukh Khan sang an entire adorable song about how everything will soon be better. The song was by Badshan and Shah Rukhs son AbRam joined him for the video. Ranveer Singh performed his song Doorie from Gully Boy. Will Smith talked about how Karan Johar told him about the initiative and he jumped at the opportunity, calling India his second home. Amitabh Bachchan pays tribute to Rishi Kapoor, Mira Nair remembers Irrfan Khan Amitabh Bachchan gave a heartfelt tribute to the late Rishi Kapoor in a special message. He talked about how Rishi Kapoor had the walk of his grandfather, late Prithviraj Kapoor. He also talked about how Rishi would never lament his condition and believes that when he died, he must have gone with a smile on his face. Mira Nair talked about Irrfan, whom she directed in The Namesake. She said that he never did the same thing twice and was always innovative. She also thanked him for all the lives he touched with his work. Kevin Jonas shares a message, Arjit Singh performs with Pritam Kevin Jonas brought his whole family--wife Danielle and his daughters--to show solidarity with India. Pritam performed his Jo Tum Naa Ho with Arijit Singh. Fans were eagerly waiting for Arijit all evening. Hrithik Roshan, Alia Bhatt-Shaheen Bhatt sing Hrithik Roshan sang Tere Jaisa Yaar Kahan and even played the piano. Alia Bhatt and her sister Shaheen sang a lovely song with Ankur Tiwari. They sang Ikk Kudi in their bedroom. Mick Jagger makes an appeal, Aishwarya Rai chats with her doctor friend Mick Jagger talked about the plight of daily wage workers and asked viewers to make donations for them. Aishwarya Rai interviewed a doctor friend and asked how the pandemic has affected the healthworkers. Parineeti Chopra sang her song Teri Mitti from Kesari. Lilly Singh makes appearances, Diljit Dosanjh sings Lilly Singh made an appearance in all her popular characters. Her mom got confused if Lilly has indeed joined Bollywood. Diljit Dosanjh sang Ikk Kudi. Gulzar recited a few line about staying apart and letting the sunshine in. Varun Dhawan dances with Shiamak Davars troupe, Nick Jonas sings Jealous Varun Dhawan performed to a medley of songs with many dancers of Shiamak Davars troupe. Nick Jonas performed his song Jealous and called India his second home. He was later joined by Priyanka, who asked fans to donate. Anushka Sharma and Anoushka Shankar share messages and perform Anoushka Shankar impressed everyone with a lovely son on her sitar, played in her mothers garden. Anushka Sharma shared a message about how everyone is suffering due to the pandemic. Farhan Akhtar sings, Virat Kohli calls essential service workers superheroes Farhan Akhtar recited a poem and performed his song Tum Ho Toh with his band. Virat Kohli paid a tribute to all essential service workers and called them superheroes. Priyanka Chopra talks about the new normal Priyanka Chopra talked about the new normal we live in. She mentioned how her parents and other family members also worked in healthcare and always put their patients first. She talked about the healthcare professionals getting attacked and asked people to let them do their job without fear. Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas talked about how they visited India for Priyanka and Nick Jonas wedding and wish to visit again after all gets better. Celebs raise Rs 2 crore, Kate Bosworth shares a message The donations have touched Rs 2 crores in two hours. Hollywood star Kate Bosworth asked fans to donate. Comedian Kapil Sharma joked that those who are not following rules should be allowed to make their own country to do as they like. Dulquer Salman shared a story of a pregnant young woman who was helped by the police during the lockdown. Kareena-Saifs message for family time, Vishal-Rekha sing Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan shared a message for viewers to stay connected with their families in the difficult time. Filmmaker Vishal Bharadwaj and his wife Rekha performed their song O Saathi Re from Omkara. B Praak sang Teri Mitti. Javed Akhtar recites poem, Abhishek Bachchan asks fans to donate Lyricist Javed Akhtar recited his poem Bhook, about a man who dies of hunger. He asked people to donate so no one has to die to hunger. Abhishek Bachchan also asked his fans to make a donation]. Singer Harshdeep Kaur sang Ek Onkar and Kabira while also playing the piano. Ustad Amjad Ali Khan plays a tune, Bhumi Pednekar shares a message Sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan and his sons Ayan and AmanAli Bangash played the tunes of Ekla Chalo Re and Raghupati Raghav Raja Ram. Bhumi Pednekar asked fans to donate but in some really heavy Hindi. Dia Mirza makes an appeal, Ayushmann Khurrana, Raja Kumari perform Dia Mirza shed light on the plight of caged animals and how the nature must be cared for. Raja Kumari performed her song dedicated to India. Ayushmann Khurrana recited a poem before singing a few of his songs. His poem was about various countries are pinning blame on different communities and how it might just take an alien invasion to bring humanity together. Sunidhi Chauhan, Jay Sean sing songs, Kartik Aaryan makes a plea Sunidhi Chauhan and Jay Sean sang their songs Gun Guna Gana and Main Ta Tere Naal Nachna, respectively. Kartik Aaryan asked fans to donate for those affected by the lockdown. The concert has raised Rs 1.47 crore so far. Jack Black shares message, Katrina Kaif talks to experts Hollywood star Jack Black said in a special message that whole world needs to come together in fight against coronavirus. He said he is with India in the fight. Katrina Kaif talked to some experts about Indias policies against the pandemic. Madhuri Dixit performs with her son Madhuri Dixit surprised everyone by performing with her son Arin. She sang Ed Sheerans Perfect while he took over the piano. Fans were impressed by the mother-son duo. The donations have reached Rs 1.3 crore. Ustad Zakir Hussain performs for Indian fans Tabla maestro Ustad Zakir Hussain impressed viewers with an electric performance on the tabla. Vidya Balan addressed the rising cases on domestic violence in the country due to the lockdown. Sidharth Malhotra appeals viewers to care for animals Actor Sidharth Malhotra made an appearance with his dog Oscar. He asked people not to mistreat animals and pets during the lockdown and take care of strays as much as possible. Composer duo Ajay-Atul sang a Marathi prayer. The donations have reached Rs 1.2 crore. Badshah performs Tareefan with Lisa Mishra Rapper Badshah got some fun music in with Lisa Mishra. They sang hit songs Tareefan and Genda Phool from their homes. The stars have raises almost Rs 1.06 crore in half an hour. Twinkle Khanna talks to an expert Twinkle Khanna talked to Dr Devi Shetty about the impact of the coronavirus on health workers and also the exit strategy once the lockdown ends. Dr Shetty also talked about the castigation of coronavirus patients. Shreya Goshal sings for frontline workers Shreya Goshal sang a lovely rendition of Tusse Naaraz Nahin and dedicated it to all those working at the frontline to keep everyone safe. Arjun Kapoor talked about the plight of daily wage workers. He asked viewers to donate for them. Papon sang Yeh Moh Moh Ke Dhaage from Dum Laga Ke Haisha. Shabana Azmi shares message of hope, Tiger Shroff sings songs Shabana Azmi called it heartening to see artists coming together to their bit the world over. She said she hoped this will lead to a new world order that is in sync with nature. Tiger Shroff sang two of songs--Tehen Ja and Roop Tera Mastana--but put on his dark sunglasses first saying that he feels shy otherwise. Anil Kapoor shares a message, Shankar Ehsaan and Loy perform Anil Kapoor shared a message about how everyone needs to be Mr India now for each other. Shankar Ehsaan and Loy performed their hit songs Gallan Gudiyan and Senorita from their respective homes. Akshay Kumar recites a poem, Aamir Khan-Kiran Rao sing song Akshay Kumar recited a poem by his friend about achieving the impossible. Aamir Khan and Kiran Rao sang the song Aa Chal Ke Tujhe. The concert kicks off The show kicked off with a video montage of people from several parts of the country. Zoya Akhtar and KaranJohar introduced the concert as Indias largest home-to-home concert. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 03, 2020 23:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aishwarya-rai-s-daughter-aaradhya-draws-her-family-frontline-workers-in-sweet-tribute-see-here/story-UmKWDcEAFkUu2xlZCgo44O.html</url>
<title>Aishwarya Rais daughter Aaradhya draws her family, frontline workers in sweet tribute. See here</title>
<body >Actor Aishwarya Rai Bachchans daughter, Aaradhya, has drawn a special picture in honour of essential service providers, during the coronavirus lockdown. Aishwarya shared the picture on Instagram, and captioned her post, my darling Aaradhyas Gratitude and Love. The drawing shows Aaradhya standing with her parents, Aishwarya and Abhishek Bachchan. Words such as Stay safe, stay home, and Thank you, are written on the picture. On the top half, Aaradhya has drawn doctors, nurses, armed forces personnel, police, teachers and journalists. She has also signed her name on the bottom right-hand corner. View this post on Instagram           my darling Aaradhyas Gratitude and Love  A post shared by  AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on May 3, 2020 at 11:39am PDT my darling Aaradhyas Gratitude and Love  A post shared by  AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on May 3, 2020 at 11:39am PDT In her drawing, Aaradhyas dad is wearing a yellow top with jeans, while her mother is wearing a white dress. Aaradhya has given herself a pink outfit in her drawing. Aishwaryas post has been liked over 200000 times. Thank you, aaradhyaaaa - what a sweet sweet picture!! one person wrote in the comments section. Thank you to everyone who has been staying at home too! Youre our heroes, wrote another. Also read: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan honours dearest Rishi Kapoor, shares pics with Aaradhya, Abhishek. See here Aaradhya joined her parents and grandparents -- Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan -- to honour essential service providers on the janta curfew day on March 22. Pictures and videos of the family, applauding the efforts of frontline workers, were shared on social media. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 04, 2020 08:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-pulled-an-all-nighter-cleaning-his-library-shares-the-after-look/story-KzqAlm5R5MAziRlh0R72wL.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan pulled an all nighter cleaning his library, shares the after look</title>
<body >Actor Shah Rukh Khan has not signed any new film, after his last film Zero failed to perform at the box office. He has, nonetheless, enough work on his hands. On Monday, the actor shared a picture of himself after pulling an all-nighter cleaning his personal library. Sharing a picture of himself, he wrote: Did an all nighter...cleaning up my library. A bit shabby  smelling of books, dust and happiness... It shows Shah Rukh sitting on a chair, with his hair covering much of his face. Many might still find him attractive despite his shabby look. Did an all nighter...cleaning up my library. A bit shabby  smelling of books, dust and happiness... pic.twitter.com/bRoVDRkRnO Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) September 30, 2019 Did an all nighter...cleaning up my library. A bit shabby  smelling of books, dust and happiness... pic.twitter.com/bRoVDRkRnO Also read: Priyanka Chopra asks Kapil Sharma to choose between Rs 2 crore and 6 hot girls; his answer is pure gold The actors long sabbatical from work has been hotly debated in the media. Fans are reportedly anxious to see their favourite star onscreen again. However, the one person who is delighted with the break is the actors wife, interior designer Gauri Khan. Speaking to Zoom TV, the designer said that not only was the break necessary, it has proven to be a boon for her as Shah Rukh has taken up the responsibility of taking care of their younger son, AbRam, giving her some space. She said, I think it was required. I think more than anything else its high time he took this break and Im happy I can travel while he is at home. And he takes good care of AbRam. So I am super excited. So if Im not there for the little one, hes there. It suits me. I think its a great, great idea, she said in the interview. I think hell be up and about very, very shortly. In the time he has been away from shooting, the actor has been spending time with his family. Few months back, Shah Rukh and his kids, Aryan, Suhana and AbRam, took off for scenic Maldives. He shared pictures on social media for his fans. Prior to that, both Shah Rukh and wife Gauri were in England for the graduation ceremony of their daughter Suhana, who graduated from Ardingly College, Sussex. Shah Rukh also attended an Indian film awards ceremony earlier this year, where he spoke about the debacle of Zero. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 30, 2019 09:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/varun-dhawan-confesses-he-had-a-crush-on-shraddha-kapoor-presents-her-with-a-rose-onstage-watch/story-dtQ6JJRI55i3MbkFdQ2e7K.html</url>
<title>Varun Dhawan confesses he had a crush on Shraddha Kapoor, presents her with a rose onstage. Watch</title>
<body >Rarely does it happen that an actor declares his or her genuine feelings for a co-star. So, it was indeed refreshing whenVarunDhawan confessed onscreen that long back, in his younger days, he had a crush on Shraddha Kapoor. The two are promoting their new film, Street Dance 3D. In the video clip that is now viral, Varun says, Inko dekh kar mujhe bhi yaad aaya, bahot saal pehle, mujhe bhi crush hua tha Shraddha pe, actually yeh bahot logon ke liye Aarohi hai, bahot logon ke liye Vini hai, bahot logon ke liye Inaayat hai, lekin mere liye meri Shraddha hai. Mujhe bahot waqt se phul dena tha aap ko aur maine kabhi diya nahin toh aaj main dunga (Seeing these people I recalled a matter from the past; there was once a time when I too have a crush on Shraddha. For many she is Aarohi, she is Vini or Inaayat, but for me she is Shraddha. For a long time, I have been wanting to give her flowers which I couldnt do so far, so I will do it today. View this post on Instagram           Varun Dhawan reveals his crush on Shraddha Kapoor  #varshra moment  #sharnitha_sk #shraddhagems #shraddhakapoor #varundhawan #varun #shraddha #StreetDancer3D @remodsouza @varundvn @shraddhakapoor A post shared by  shraddha's_latest_updates (@sharnitha_sk) on Dec 23, 2019 at 1:46am PST Varun Dhawan reveals his crush on Shraddha Kapoor  #varshra moment  #sharnitha_sk #shraddhagems #shraddhakapoor #varundhawan #varun #shraddha #StreetDancer3D @remodsouza @varundvn @shraddhakapoor A post shared by  shraddha's_latest_updates (@sharnitha_sk) on Dec 23, 2019 at 1:46am PST Varun then glided on his knees to reach Shraddha with a rose in his hand. However, a fiasco happened when he reached her; the flower fell midway. Amid much laughter, Varun tried again and was successful the second time. Also Watch l Varun Dhawan, Shraddha Kapoor slay at Street Dancer 3D promotions Also read: Ajay Devgn on Nysa getting trolled for going to salon after grandfathers death: She was crying; I sent her so shell feel better Varun and Shraddha play Sahej and Inaayat in Street Dance 3D, the third film in the dance film franchise ABCD. Directed by Remo DSouza, the film also stars Prabhudeva in an important role. Varun and Shraddha play out the India-Pakistan intense rivalry on the dance floor with a positive message. Varun was last seen in Kalank which turned out to a dud at the box office. Speaking about itat the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards 2019, Varun had said, I think ups and downs are a part of life and we learn from it. It was my first failure as an actor. Now, I have put all my positive energies into Street Dancer 3D. Its my second film with Remo (DSouza) sir and Shraddha Kapoor after ABCD 2. Shraddhas last film Chhichhore was a hit but her film, Saaho opposite Prabhas, proved to be a box office failure. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 27, 2019 07:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/chhapaak-deepika-padukone-vikrant-massey-kick-start-ab-ladna-hai-campaign-featuring-real-acid-attack-survivors-watch/story-4BYGsmJDoaBZJOExRJlbXK.html</url>
<title>Chhapaak: Deepika Padukone, Vikrant Massey kick-start Ab Ladna Hai campaign featuring real acid-attack survivors, watch</title>
<body >Deepika Padukone and Vikrant Massey have kickstarted a new campaign Ab Ladna Hai ahead of the release of their film, Chhapaak. The promotional video features Deepika and Vikrant, who go on to share inspiring one liners, encouraging people to fight any situation they are in. The video shows acid-attack survivors living normal lives among all others. It also shows normal people doing their bit in making the world a better place. From giving a blanket to a homeless to picking up plastic bottles in a park, it shows how every individual can make things better with a little effort.  The video goes with the description, Ab Ladna Hai is a poetic expression of the core emotions that we preserve in our hearts. This poem, written by Gulzar Saab is a beacon to drive a much needed change in society. Because a beginning is the foundation of transformation. Lets turn. Lets awaken. Lets begin. Kyunki #AbLadnaHai. Deepika shared it on her Instagram account with the caption, Badlaav ki neev shuruaat hoti hai (Beginning is the foundation of change).  The film has been directed by Meghna Gulzar of Raazi fame. It is based on the true story of acid-attack survivor Laxmi Agarwal, and Deepika in the protagonists role. Also read: Aishwarya Rai celebrates Christmas with Aaradhya, Alia Bhatt and Deepika Padukone party with family. See inside pics Talking about how acid-attack survivors should be treated by the society, Meghna told IANS in an interview, Contrary to the popular belief and perception that the story of an acid-attack survivor would be very depressing, heavy and graphical, Malti is a character who smiles into camera and says, ab khush hoon to kya karun. We should stop treating them as bechari, because they are not! The film is slated to hit theatres on January 10. It is set to clash with Ajay Devgn, Kajol and Saif Ali Khan starrer Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 26, 2019 13:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kajol-says-nysa-will-come-to-her-and-not-ajay-devgn-for-advice-on-boyfriends-he-will-be-standing-there-with-a-shotgun/story-mqP9C15u218MoHM02oixjP.html</url>
<title>Kajol says Nysa will come to her and not Ajay Devgn for advice on boyfriends: He will be standing there with a shotgun</title>
<body >Kajol revealed that her daughter Nysa is likely to come to her for love advice because her husband Ajay Devgn is the kind of guy who will be standing with a shotgun. She said this on Kareena Kapoor Khans radio show What Women Want. When Kajol was asked which parent Nysa and Yug will go to for love advice, she said, I think Nysa will come to me, and Yug will go to Ajay. Because he is very much like, Oh, my dad is such a cool guy! and they discuss these guy things. Kajol added that Ajay was a protective father, and Nysa would probably not approach him when faced with relationship issues. She is never going to tell her father about her boyfriends or any of that. He is the kind of guy who will be standing with a shotgun, Where is he? Where is he? the actor said. Also read | Ajay Devgn on Nysa getting trolled for going to salon after grandfathers death: She was crying; I sent her so shell feel better On the show, Kajol also said that she was nothing like the obsessed parent she played in Helicopter Eela. Im not that much of a controlling parent. I actually dont believe that it is conducive to a healthy relationship. And my mother was the complete opposite of it... I was a very differently brought up child, so no, I dont believe in controlling at all, she told Kareena. Kajol admitted to being completely and totally and obviously obsessed with Nysa and Yug, but said that it did not translate into excessive involvement in their lives. Theres a fine line between giving children a grid to grow up with, and overwhelming them to the point that they cant grow, she said. However, Ajay is quite a cosseting parent, according to Kajol. If he had his way, he would be the overwhelming presence who would kind of completely like, What are you doing?, Five minutes here, five minutes there and all that, she said. She also exposed his calm and composed image as a complete lie and said, There is no chill and no cool where his kids are concerned. He wants to know everything about everything. Ajay and Kajol will reunite on screen after a decade in Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior, which is scheduled to release on January 10, 2020. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 26, 2019 13:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/raj-and-dk-confirm-talks-on-with-shah-rukh-khan-for-film-he-said-make-sure-script-remains-what-you-wanted-it-to-be/story-lo8e1H4btw7qlyd9i1cmTN.html</url>
<title>Raj and DK confirm talks on with Shah Rukh Khan for film: He said make sure script remains what you wanted it to be</title>
<body >Filmmakers Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK have confirmed Shah Rukh Khan has loved one of their favourite scripts and a film with the superstar may happen in the future, during an interview with film critic Rajeev Masand. Better known as the director duo Raj  DK, the two also revealed the one advice that Shah Rukh Khan gave them  as the trio mulls over a project together. Sharing Shah Rukhs reaction to the script, DK said, We just told him a story that we wanted to say and he immediately loved it.  Raj went on to add, He did say your script is great, it is important to keep the script intact. So whatever happens in that journey, make sure the script remains what you guys wanted it to be. Make the film it should be, dont be bogged down by the star or actor in it. Giving the exact gist of Shah Rukhs advice, DK chipped in to say, Thats his way of saying that even if I offer suggestions, dont feel compelled to take it. Confirming that the project is still in works, Raj said, After many, many meetings, hed still say the same. I think its wonderful that he is so open to it. It is one of our favourite scripts we have been holding on, thinking lets do it at the right time, whenever. Its exciting if we can pull it off with him. The filmmakers, who are also set to return with the much awaited Go Goa Gone 2, didnt reveal when the film will go on floors. Also read:  Amitabh Bachchan celebrates success his make-up man has achieved, yet has never missed work in 47 years Raj  DK are also working on the second season of web show, The Family Man, starring Manoj Bajpayee in the lead role. They have also been roped in to direct Citadel, backed by Avengers makers, the Russo brothers. It will star Priyanka Chopra and Richard Madden and will release on Amazon Prime Video. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 27, 2020 16:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-spends-day-at-the-races-as-his-little-gold-medal-abram-emerges-winner-see-pic/story-BCs5vMje5kHiK2YCVK4pvJ.html</url>
<title>ShahRukh Khan spends day at the races as his little gold medal AbRam emerges winner. See pic</title>
<body >Actor Shah Rukh Khan is spending a lot of time away from work and a lot of it is for his family -- on Friday, the actor posted a picture, a collage with his son AbRam. The stars son won medals at the sports meet, it appears. Sharing it, Shah Rukh wrote: Day at the Races...My little Gold Medal with his Silver and Bronze wins at the races today!! In one of the pictures in the collage, Shah Rukh poses with son, while in the two pictures where AbRam can be seen with his medals and certificate. Day at the Races...My little Gold Medal with his Silver and Bronze wins at the races today!! pic.twitter.com/1k9NqjB65J Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) January 17, 2020 Day at the Races...My little Gold Medal with his Silver and Bronze wins at the races today!! pic.twitter.com/1k9NqjB65J Also read | Kangana Ranaut reacts to Deepika Padukones JNU visit: I dont want to empower people who celebrate when a jawan dies OnThursday, Shah Rukh attended a special event to welcome Amazon chief Jeff Bezos in India. Speaking at the event, ShahRukh joked how he cant buy underwear online. He said: I am going to plug my own brandsa I do all my book shopping at Amazon. My groceries come from Big Basket. I have a confession to make... I am still not comfortable in shopping underwear online.. It is a boy thing. Shah Rukh was last seen in his home production, Zero. The film, despite a lot of hype and great publicity, bombed at the box office. Speaking about his long sabbatical, ShahRukh had said while attending the 10th edition of Indian Film Festival of Melbourne ,I just finished the last film I made and to put it lightly, it was a disaster. I said to myself that let me enjoy a little bit of un-success as I had success for so long. So I have taken some time off for next four or five months, he said. As a matter of fact, Im on these breaks... Coming here (Melbourne) and meeting people, realising and discovering new stories, doing intellectual speaking. The actor hasnt signed any film since then but the buzz is he may work in a Hindi remake of hit Tamil film with Tamil director Atlee. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 17, 2020 15:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/vicky-kaushal-on-link-up-rumours-with-katrina-kaif-there-is-no-story-at-all/story-6gY6WztgostfU31InCtQ2H.html</url>
<title>Vicky Kaushal on link-up rumours with Katrina Kaif: There is no story at all</title>
<body >Actor Vicky Kaushal has finally broken his silence over rumours of an affair with Bollywood scorcher Katrina Kaif. He insists there is no truth to all the unconfirmed stories that have been doing the rounds of the media over the past few months. I dont feel there is any scope of clarification. I have been very open about my personal life because I cannot lie, the website filmbeat.com quoted Vicky as saying, in a recent interview to an entertainment portal. There is no story at all, he added. View this post on Instagram           All about yesterday  @vickykaushal09 @katrinakaif   #vicky #vickykaushal #uri #bhoot #mathama #sanju #kamli #vickykaushal09 #masan #manmarziyaan #vickykaushalfans #vickykaushalfan #pachtaoge #vickykaushal #vickykaushaluniverse #vickykaushalworld #vickykaushalfc #vickykaushalislove A post shared by  Vicky Kaushal (@vickykaushalfans) on Nov 12, 2019 at 10:29pm PST All about yesterday  @vickykaushal09 @katrinakaif   #vicky #vickykaushal #uri #bhoot #mathama #sanju #kamli #vickykaushal09 #masan #manmarziyaan #vickykaushalfans #vickykaushalfan #pachtaoge #vickykaushal #vickykaushaluniverse #vickykaushalworld #vickykaushalfc #vickykaushalislove A post shared by  Vicky Kaushal (@vickykaushalfans) on Nov 12, 2019 at 10:29pm PST Katrina had reacted similarly a few months back, during an interview, according to filmbeat.com. These rumours are part and parcel of our life. Now I have that maturity to understand all that matters is the work that you do. Thats what will make you sustain, thats what the audience love you for or judge you on. All the rest just comes and goes as these are part of the job. We chose to come into the spotlight. There are a lot of people who hate to come into spotlight. But that is the nature of being an actor, you have to accept and make peace with public speculation. Some days it will be truthful, some days not truthful, the actress had said. Also see: Mira Rajput cant take her hands off Shahid Kapoor in this new romantic picture Rumours have lately been flying about the duo because they have been spotted together on several occasions including a few big-ticket parties and dos, besides public events. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 09, 2020 16:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-joins-taimur-inaaya-on-dance-floor-at-yash-roohi-s-bash-ananya-panday-posts-playtime-pics/story-3fUSk87rAxKeq9C0MMxjgP.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoor joins Taimur, Inaaya on dance floor at Yash-Roohis bash, Ananya Panday posts playtime pics</title>
<body >Karan Johars twins Yash and Roohi turned three on Friday, two days after their filmmaker father threw a grand bash to kickstart their birthday celebrations. A host of Bollywood celebrities poured best wishes and blessings on the little ones on Friday as the numerous unseen pictures from the party continued to flood social media. While the entire brigade of star kids from Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khans son Taimur Ali Khan to Shah Rukh Khans son AbRam Khan made it to the do, their celebrity moms also had their fair share of fun at the bash. A video of Kareena grooving to the Baby Shark song alongside Taimur and his cousin Inaaya Naumi Kemmu has surfaced on the internet. She can be seen enjoying herself at the party as the kids dance to the popular kids song. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Kareena Kapoor Khan Fanpage  (@kareena.arabfc) on Feb 5, 2020 at 11:20pm PST A post shared by Kareena Kapoor Khan Fanpage  (@kareena.arabfc) on Feb 5, 2020 at 11:20pm PST Also Watch: Why Akshay Kumar called Kareena Miss Know-It-All at #HTLS2019  Kareenas fans were happy to see this side of the actor. A fan wrote, woah this is the cutest thing ever. I never imagined would see Kareena dances to Baby Shark. Another said, Lol she is in her own world. Neha Dhupia went on to share more pictures from the bash to wish the Johar twins on their birthday. Sharing a picture of her daughter Mehr holding Yashs hand while playing on their tiny two-wheelers on Instagram, she wrote, #happybirthday our dearest #Yash and #Roohi ... we love you loads @mehrdhupiabedi. She shared another solo picture of Roohi trying to ride a kids bike at the party. View this post on Instagram           #happybirthday our dearest #Yash and #Roohi ... we love you loads  @mehrdhupiabedi A post shared by  Neha Dhupia (@nehadhupia) on Feb 7, 2020 at 8:49am PST #happybirthday our dearest #Yash and #Roohi ... we love you loads  @mehrdhupiabedi A post shared by  Neha Dhupia (@nehadhupia) on Feb 7, 2020 at 8:49am PST Ananya Panday also wished Karans kids on Instagram by sharing a glimpse of their playtime together. Sharing throwback pictures of herself playing with them at their residence, Ananya wrote, sitting in a barbie inflatable car while looking for a spider man balloon. happy bday Yash and Roohi #Munchkins.         View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on Feb 7, 2020 at 6:20am PST A post shared by Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on Feb 7, 2020 at 6:20am PST Also read: KareenaKapoor goes make-up free, sonTaimur transforms into The Hulk at Yash-Roohis birthday party Ananyas fans also loved the pictures which got more than 8,93,700 likes within a few hours. A fan wrote, aww, So cute. Another asked her, Are u struggling in babysitting these two. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 08, 2020 22:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-s-son-taimur-is-a-picture-of-concentration-as-he-colours-furiously-see-pic/story-WCFIcFy4xbBXKaGnfAIYBM.html</url>
<title>KareenaKapoors sonTaimur is a picture of concentration as he colours furiously, see pic</title>
<body >A picture of actor Kareena Kapoors son Taimur AliKhan has surfaced online which shows the little boy with his colouring book, rapt in concentration. In the picture, Taimur is seated on a comfortable chair with a table in front of him. There is a book open in front, which he is colouring. The picture looks like it was taken at his home. Taimur was seen on Wednesday attending KaranJohars twins birthday party. In the pictures and videos from the party, Taimur was seen having the most fun. The little boy was seen jumping and dancing to music. In another video he can be seen playing a drum. The party saw other star kids attend as well, including Taimurs cousin Inaaya Naumi Kemmu, Shah Rukh Khans sonAbRam, and Shahid Kapoors children, Misha and Zain. View this post on Instagram           Colouring time  My little boy  My cutie tim tim  #KareenaKapoorKhan #Kareena #KareenaKapoor #Bebo #MyBebo #Bebolicious #SaifAliKhan #TaimurAliKhan #TaimurAliKhanPataudi #Taimur #BegumOfPataudi #PrinceOfPataudi #Saifeena #SaifeenaJunior #GeeshiaKhan #Superstar #Love #Cute #QueenKareena #QueenOfBollywood #BollywoodActress #BollywoodDiva #BollywoodStyle #BollywoodFashion #BollywoodLife #Bollywood #India #Indonesia #GeeshiaBeboAuzeea #GeeBebo919 A post shared by  Geeshia Bebo Auzeea (@geebebo919) on Feb 5, 2020 at 10:21pm PST Colouring time  My little boy  My cutie tim tim  #KareenaKapoorKhan #Kareena #KareenaKapoor #Bebo #MyBebo #Bebolicious #SaifAliKhan #TaimurAliKhan #TaimurAliKhanPataudi #Taimur #BegumOfPataudi #PrinceOfPataudi #Saifeena #SaifeenaJunior #GeeshiaKhan #Superstar #Love #Cute #QueenKareena #QueenOfBollywood #BollywoodActress #BollywoodDiva #BollywoodStyle #BollywoodFashion #BollywoodLife #Bollywood #India #Indonesia #GeeshiaBeboAuzeea #GeeBebo919 A post shared by  Geeshia Bebo Auzeea (@geebebo919) on Feb 5, 2020 at 10:21pm PST Kareena, meanwhile, is riding high on the success of her film, GoodNewwz. A romantic comedy about two couples, played by Kareena, Akshay Kumar, Kiara Advani and Diljit Dosanjh, trying to have a baby, the film has been received well by the audience. The film, which released onDecember 27 last year, went on to make more than Rs 200 crore. On January 20, trade analyst Taran Adarsh, tweeting the films numbers, had written onTwitter: #GoodNewwz scores double century... Flies past  200 cr mark... Has had a glorious run in #Delhi, #NCR, #Punjab, #Mumbai... Crosses *lifetime biz* of #MissionMangal... [Week 4] Fri 75 lakhs, Sat 1.40 cr, Sun 1.89 cr. Total:  201.14 cr. #India biz. View this post on Instagram           Cutie #taimuralikhan yesterday at #karanjohar kids birthday party #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 5, 2020 at 10:10pm PST Cutie #taimuralikhan yesterday at #karanjohar kids birthday party #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 5, 2020 at 10:10pm PST Kareena has interesting films in her kitty. Through much of November last year, she was inChandigarh, shooting for Aamir Khans Laal SinghChaddha, the  official Hindi remake of Hollywood hit Forrest Gump, which starred Tom Hanks in the lead role. Later this month, the principal shooting of her film Takht is scheduled to begin. The film, starring Ranveer Singh, Vicky Kaushal, Alia Bhatt, BhumiPednekar, Janhvi Kapoor and Anil Kapoor, apart from Kareena is a period drama set in the Mughal era. While Kareena will play Jahanaara Begum, Vicky will be seen as Aurangzeb while Ranveer Singh will play Dara Shikoh, the children of Mughal emperor ShahJahan. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 06, 2020 16:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/riteish-deshmukh-wishes-genelia-d-souza-on-anniversary-with-hilarious-video-her-post-is-adorable-watch/story-o9GkwZ3FX96zWlns6cjO5N.html</url>
<title>Riteish Deshmukh wishes Genelia DSouza on anniversary with hilarious video, her post is adorable. Watch</title>
<body >Actor Riteish Deshmukh wished his wife and actor Genelia DSouza on their eighth wedding anniversary with a hilarious video. In the clip that he shared on his Instagram account, he is seen with a pained expression as she shows him their wedding photos. The song Jin zakhmon ko waqt bhar chala hai, tum kyun unhe chhedhe jaa rahe ho (The wounds that time is trying to heal, why are you poking them again?) plays in the background. Happy Anniversary Baiko @geneliad, Riteish captioned his Instagram post. Producer Ekta Kapoor showered the post with love and commented with a number of heart emojis. View this post on Instagram           Happy Anniversary Baiko @geneliad A post shared by  Riteish Deshmukh (@riteishd) on Feb 2, 2020 at 10:22pm PST Happy Anniversary Baiko @geneliad A post shared by  Riteish Deshmukh (@riteishd) on Feb 2, 2020 at 10:22pm PST Meanwhile, Genelia wished Riteish with a heartwarming video. She shared a montage of their pictures on Instagram and wrote, Dearest Forever, Grow old along with me, I promise the best is yet to come. Happy Anniversary @riteishd Just to let you know I Love being my Husbands wife. #since2002. The song 2002 by Anne-Marie plays in the background, which is the year that the couple got married. View this post on Instagram           Dearest Forever, Grow old along with me, I promise the best is yet to come Happy Anniversary @riteishd Just to let you know I Love being my Husbands wife . #since2002 A post shared by  Genelia Deshmukh (@geneliad) on Feb 2, 2020 at 8:34pm PST Dearest Forever, Grow old along with me, I promise the best is yet to come Happy Anniversary @riteishd Just to let you know I Love being my Husbands wife . #since2002 A post shared by  Genelia Deshmukh (@geneliad) on Feb 2, 2020 at 8:34pm PST Love blossomed between Ritesh and Genelia during the making of their debut film, Tujhe Meri Kasam, which released in 2003. After being in a relationship for more than eight years, they tied the knot on February 3, 2012. They have two sons, Rahyl and Riaan. Riteish was last seen in Milap Zaveris revenge drama Marjaavaan alongside Sidharth Malhotra, Tara Sutaria and Rakul Preet. His next Bollywood release is Ahmed Khans Baaghi 3, starring Tiger Shroff and Shraddha Kapoor. The poster of Baaghi 3 has just dropped online. Tiger shared it on Twitter and wrote, Against his strongest enemy, His greatest battle, Up against a nation, RONNIE is back! #Baaghi3 trailer out on 6th Feb, Thursday. Against his strongest enemy,His greatest battle,Up against a nation,RONNIE is back! #Baaghi3 trailer out on 6th Feb, Thursday. #sajidnadiadwala@ShraddhaKapoor @Riteishd @WardaNadiadwala @khan_ahmedasas @foxstarhindi @NGEMovies pic.twitter.com/AJR7Bxalq8 Tiger Shroff (@iTIGERSHROFF) February 3, 2020 Against his strongest enemy,His greatest battle,Up against a nation,RONNIE is back! #Baaghi3 trailer out on 6th Feb, Thursday. #sajidnadiadwala@ShraddhaKapoor @Riteishd @WardaNadiadwala @khan_ahmedasas @foxstarhindi @NGEMovies pic.twitter.com/AJR7Bxalq8 While Riteish will play Tigers brother in Baaghi 3, Jackie Shroff will play their father. The film will hit the theatres on March 6. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 03, 2020 17:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/milind-soman-s-wife-ankita-konwar-wishes-eid-with-an-adorable-photo-the-only-thing-that-s-changed-is-our-hair/story-QK9M0xhyBaDQs2j4NLVC3L.html</url>
<title>Milind Somans wife Ankita Konwar wishes Eid with an adorable photo: The only thing thats changed is our hair</title>
<body >Milind Soman and wife Ankita Konwar are spending their time together during lockdown and often share their workout videos. However, on Monday, Ankita took a break from exercise videos as she wished peopleEid Mubarak on Instagram, with an adorable picture of the two sleeping in each others arms. Sharing the picture on Instagram, Ankita wrote in caption, The only thing thats changed from that Monday to this Monday is our hair. Eid Mubarak everyone. #mondaymood #garfieldvibes #love #positivity. She seems to be hinting at how nothing has changed since last Eid except their hairstyles. While Ankita is seen with bangs, Milind sports a grey mane in the picture. The picture was liked by thousands of fans with some being curious about the person who clicked the picture. A fan asked, I am curious. Who takes these pictures at these moments?. Another asked, Who is the photographer? View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on May 22, 2020 at 12:04am PDT A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on May 22, 2020 at 12:04am PDT The two often share throwback pictures from their many vacations or inspiring workout videos during lockdown. Milind recently shared a few throwback pictures of them together and asked his fans about an outdoor experience they miss the most during lockdown. He captioned it, Friday faces, feet and fingers. @ankita_earthy and I at midnight in Mumbai, running barefoot on the highway near Hyderabad and fingers entwined below the Howrah bridge in Kolkata ! What place or experience do you miss most about being outdoors???? #lockdown. While the first picture show them posing on a Mumbai street, the second shows their feet after they ran barefoot on a highway near Hyderabad and the third is of them holding hands under the Howrah Bridge. Also read: Salim Khan on celebrating Eid without son Salman Khan: I spoke with him on the phone and we exchanged wishes Milind recently appeared in the second season of the web show Four Most Shots Please! Created by Rangita Pritish Nandy for Amazon Prime. The series stars Kirti Kulhari, Sayani Gupta, Bani J and Maanvi Gagroo in lead roles. The show follows four unapologetically flawed women as they discover life while balancing their friendship in Mumbai. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/15-years-of-bunty-aur-babli-amitabh-bachchan-recalls-performing-kajra-re-with-aishwarya-rai-abhishek-on-all-our-stage-shows/story-yz7dcl7WYrHbxW4Y3SmbiO.html</url>
<title>15 years of Bunty Aur Babli: Amitabh Bachchan recalls performing Kajra Re with Aishwarya Rai, Abhishek on all our stage shows</title>
<body >Amitabh Bachchan is celebrating 15 years of the film Bunty Aur Babli, his first and only film to have featured his daughter-in-law Aishwarya Rai. The film was Amitabh and son Abhishek Bachchans first film together and had Aishwarya in a special dance number, titled Kajra Re. The song was shot before Aishwarya and Abhishek tied the knot. Amitabh shared the film poster that also features the female lead Rani Mukerji, and a picture of the three Bachchans performing to Kajra Re live on stage at an event. He wrote in a tweet, 15 years .. Bunty Aur Babli  ... my first film with Abhishek .. such fun .. and what a team .. !! .. and kajaraare .. on all our stage shows .. yoo hooo .. T 3543 - 15 years .. "Bunty Aur Babli " ... my first film with Abhishek .. such fun .. and what a team .. !! .. and 'kajaraare .. on all our stage shows .. yoo hooo .. pic.twitter.com/9a4gkjGnsK Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) May 26, 2020 T 3543 - 15 years .. "Bunty Aur Babli " ... my first film with Abhishek .. such fun .. and what a team .. !! .. and 'kajaraare .. on all our stage shows .. yoo hooo .. pic.twitter.com/9a4gkjGnsK Directed by Shaad Ali, the film revolved around two con artists and partners-in-crime (Abhishek and Rani). Amitabh was in the role of a cop Dashrath Singh, whose sole purpose in the film was to catch the two of them. Aishwarya also stepped in to join the Bachchan father-son duo and performed on the song Kajra Re, sung by Alisha Chinai, Shankar Mahadevan and Javed Ali. Amitabh and Abhishek have also worked together in R Balkis Paa whereas Aishwarya and Amitabh are now reportedly coming together in Mani Ratnams upcoming film, Ponniyin Selvan . Last month, Abhishek recalled how he had spent his birthday shooting for Kajra Re with Aishwarya and Amitabh. He also told the story behind sharing the stage with his father for his first-ever performance after becoming an actor. The performance happened 16 years ago, Abhishek recalled on Instagram, and it was a fundraiser for Tsunami victims. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Apr 24, 2020 at 3:38am PDT A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan (@bachchan) on Apr 24, 2020 at 3:38am PDT The show took place in early February 2005. Both dad and I were shooting for Kajra re with Aishwarya for Bunty aur Babli. I would shoot the song all day from 9am to 10pm and then drive to the concert venue and rehearse all night, he wrote. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch The sequel of the 2005 film is now set to reunite Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukerji after 11 years and will showcase them as the original Bunty Aur Babli. It will also introduce Gully Boy actor Siddhant Chaturvedi as the new Bunty, whereas the character of Babli will be played by Sharvari. Produced by Aditya Chopra, the movie was set to hit the theatres on June 26.  The cast and crew of the upcoming Yash Raj production Bunty Aur Babli 2 wrapped up the elaborate con sequence shooting schedule in Abu Dhabi in March. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/mandana-karimi-worried-for-family-in-iran-amid-coronavirus-crisis-tests-aren-t-available-there-s-no-getting-healed-there/story-hpTSiyzZS4wSQoAtbVxypL.html</url>
<title>Mandana Karimi worried for family in Iran amid coronavirus crisis: Tests arent available, theres no getting healed there</title>
<body >Getting to be and spend time with our loved ones is the only silver lining in this grim situation due to the spread of coronavirus. However, for actor Mandana Karimi, the stress is much more. Her family   mother, two brothers and a close friend, are at home in Iran, and she cant be with them. For my friends in India, the situation hit them for the past two weeks. For me, Ive been stressed with this whole situation for 60 days. My mom was supposed to be with me here for Holi, shes been doing this for seven-eight years now. This year, she couldnt. I cant send her anything, they have a lot of problems with hand sanitisers and medicines. The only way we connect is through the internet. The situation is really bad there, she says, adding how the government isnt supporting people. So, the community has decided to shut down places, and have made a hand wash station outside the shops that are open. Even tests arent available, so literally they take you to the hospital if you need to be in the ICU, theres no getting healed, rues the 31-year-old, whos in her Bandra, Mumbai home. Also read: Nafisa Ali stuck in Goa without ration and medicines, reveals her niece has tested positive for Covid-19 in Bengaluru Due to this, she stopped doing anything since the lockdown started, and was constantly in touch with everyone back home in Iran. She reveals, Taking stress doesnt help anyone, youre fighting a virus which has to do with the immune system. I couldnt work out for three-four days in the beginning, as Id constantly be on the phone. It hit me hard when I sat one day. Then I put myself back together and started working out. What also adds to her problems is her not stocking on food as a habit, and in this situation, affecting her. Im still struggling with how to store food, because Im always travelling, so I didnt used to store food. Now Im learning how to package chicken and fresh veggies. Its a learning process. I have two dogs at home too. This is how our new life is going to be. Im not used to staying at home the whole day, she ends. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 02, 2020 10:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-gives-hilarious-twist-to-maine-pyaar-kiya-kiss-shows-what-it-would-be-like-during-coronavirus-pandemic/story-wXWAeLh1vIvMEZbt2YcZHK.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan gives hilarious twist to Maine Pyaar Kiya kiss, shows what it would be like during coronavirus pandemic</title>
<body >Salman Khan, who is stuck in his Panvel farmhouse due to the lockdown, is finding fun ways to entertain his fans. The superstar gave a hilarious twist to one of his iconic scenes in Maine Pyaar Kiya, his first film as a leading man, and gave a glimpse of what it would look like if it were shot in the times of the coronavirus pandemic. The video shared by Salman on his Twitter account begins with the original scene from Maine Pyaar Kiya, in which he reads a letter from his ladylove bidding him goodbye and leaving a lipstick mark on the wall of glass. The scene ends with him kissing the lipstick mark left behind by her. However, things would be a little different if the same scene were shot in the current circumstances. The second half of the video has Salman recreating the same scene, but with a funny twist at the end. He sees the lipstick mark on the glass wall, but instead of kissing it, he sprays it with sanitiser and wipes it away. If MPK releases now... Happy Easter. Stay focused and stay strong! Salman wrote on Twitter. The tweet got thousands of likes and retweets within minutes. If MPK releases now...Happy EasterStay focused and stay strong! pic.twitter.com/c4wrrMD0qA Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) April 12, 2020 If MPK releases now...Happy EasterStay focused and stay strong! pic.twitter.com/c4wrrMD0qA Salman is currently at his Panvel farmhouse with his nephew Nirvan (son of actor Sohail Khan), while the rest of his family is at their Galaxy Apartments residence in Mumbai. Despite being scared and missing everyone, he said in a video shared on social media that they were staying put and urged everyone else to remain indoors as well. Also read | Salman Khan eats horse food during lockdown, seems to enjoy it: Its damn good Meanwhile, Salman has been doing his bit to help fight the coronavirus pandemic as well. After taking on the financial responsibility of 25,000 daily wage workers from the film and television industries, he sponsored rations for the families of daily wage workers. Salmans close friend and politician Baba Siddique shared pictures of a godown and trucks filled with supplies and wrote on Twitter, Thank you @beingsalmankhan @tweetbeinghuman for your generous contribution towards the daily wage workers. You are always one step ahead of everybody when it comes to helping people and you have proved that yet again. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 12, 2020 15:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/bhagyashree-reveals-she-was-separated-from-husband-himalay-for-1-5-years-says-remembering-that-phase-is-scary/story-4yYbk60xjrrzZb1VpprNaO.html</url>
<title>Bhagyashree reveals she was separated from husband Himalay for 1.5 years, says remembering that phase is scary</title>
<body >Actor Bhagyashree, who has been married to Himalay Dasani since 1990, revealed that they were separated for a year and a half in the middle. Though they have patched up since, she said that she gets scared even now, when she remembers that phase. In a video shared online, Bhagyashree is heard saying, Yes, Himalay ji was my first love and yes, I got married to him. Lekin ek arsa tha beech mein jab hum juda ho gaye the (But there was a period of time when we were separated). And I had that feeling that What if I hadnt got him in my life and I had married someone else? It got me to that stage because there was a period of a year and a half that we werent together. Woh ehsaas abhi bhi yaad aata hai toh darr lagta hai (I still get scared when I remember that feeling). View this post on Instagram           #bhagyashree talks about her seperation with her husband Himalaya which was for few years. #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 27, 2020 at 1:20am PST #bhagyashree talks about her seperation with her husband Himalaya which was for few years. #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 27, 2020 at 1:20am PST Bhagyashree, who made a smashing debut in the film industry with Sooraj Barjatyas Maine Pyaar Kiya opposite Salman Khan, met Himalay when she was in school. Though her parents were opposed to the match, she eloped and got married to him in a temple in the presence of his parents, Sooraj, Salman and a few close friends. Also read: Katrina Kaif trolls Arjun Kapoor for pensive pose in new photo, his response is hilarious Despite being flooded with offers after the success of Maine Pyaar Kiya, Bhagyashree bid adieu to her career in films. She told Humans Of Bombay in an interaction, Maine Pyaar Kiya went on to become such a big hit, but I was a woman so in love with my husband and my son Abhimanyu who was born soon after that I said no to every offer I got. I have absolutely no regrets though, I look at my life, my family now and I feel so proud. Very often, people say giving up such a bright career is backward, but I disagree. I respect and admire career women who can juggle both, but I took the decision of being a full invested home makerand believe me, thats a thankless job. But its all worth it when you see your children growing up into fine human beings, she added. Bhagyashree and Himalay have two children together  a son Abhimanyu Dasani, who made his Bollywood debut in 2018 with Vasan Balas Mard Ko Dard Nahi Hota, and a daughter Avantika. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 27, 2020 15:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/30-years-of-maine-pyar-kiya-bhagyashree-thanks-salman-khan-and-fans-for-the-love-check-out-7-lesser-known-facts/story-ipEkkboIsfG79LOF7W2TEJ.html</url>
<title>30 years of Maine Pyar Kiya: Bhagyashree thanks Salman Khan and fans for the love, check out 7 lesser known facts</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Bhagyashrees debut film Maine Pyar Kiya, that was also Salman Khans first film as the lead star, has completed 30 years of its release. Directed by Sooraj Barjatya, the film traced Salman and Bhagyashrees love story hindered by family dispute and financial differences. Here are some of the least known facts about the film: 1) Before Salman bagged the role of Prem, Vindoo Dara Singh, Deepak Tijori and Piyush Mishra were among the few who auditioned for the role. Salman was even rejected by the films director Sooraj Barjatya after his first audition, who thought that Salman looked small. When he first came to my office, I remember he was sitting at the reception and he looked very small. It (was) the second audition that we liked and we finalised him, Sooraj had said. 2) The white pigeon that played cupid between Salmans Prem and Bhagyashrees Suman as it delivered love letters in the iconic song Kabootar Jaa, was called Handsome. 3) The films popularity was such that it was dubbed in English (When Love Calls) and Spanish (Te Amo).  It was a huge hit in the Caribbean and dominated the box-office that year in Guyana, and Trinidad and Tobago. The film saw a 10-week run in Lima, Peru. 4) Maine Pyar Kiya was the biggest blockbuster in 1999 but Salman has revealed that he couldnt find work for an entire year. According to reports, Salmans father, writer Salim Khan posted an advertisement in newspaper about his sons acting capabilities, after which Salman started getting movie offers. 5) One of the many iconic characters from the film was that essayed by Nutans son Mohnish Behl. However, she wasnt very happy with her son playing the role of the villain. According to several reports, Nutan had even asked the makers to cast Mohnish in a different role. The makers, however, assured Nutan that Behls role will be remembered for a long time. 6)Director Sooraj reportedly took three months to finalise the antakshari songs where Suman confesses her love for Prem in the movie. 7) Maine Pyar Kiya was reportedly the first Bollywood film to have its own customised merchandise. On Monday, Bhagyashree shared a video thanking fans for all the love she has received. In the video, Bhagyashree looks gorgeous as she stands in an orange sari and says, 30 saal ho gae Maine Pyar Kiya ko aur abhi tak, aapke dilo me basi hun, iske liye bahut bahut shukraguzaar hun. Yunhi Pyaar karte rahiye. Maine Pyaar kiya, aap sab se. Also read: Kriti Kharbanda wishes boyfriend Pulkit Samrat with goofy pic: Its his birthday and hes my favourite She wrote along with the video, 30 years of MAINE PYAAR KIYA! Thank you for all the love bestowed, the blessings, the respect and the adulation. Of course it would be impossible without  @beingsalmankhan  #soorajbarjatya #mainepyaarkiya is today..a love that resides in all your hearts. #30YearsOfMainePyarKiya. Your love reflects in my smile.I can't thank you all enough for making me feel so special.A journey of 30 years seems to have gone by so quickly because you all kept me alive as SUMAN .....in your hearts.#30yearsofmainepyarkiya #suman #mainepyaarkiya #gratitude #thankyou pic.twitter.com/zMVpWH4d3w bhagyashree (@bhagyashree123) December 30, 2019 Your love reflects in my smile.I can't thank you all enough for making me feel so special.A journey of 30 years seems to have gone by so quickly because you all kept me alive as SUMAN .....in your hearts.#30yearsofmainepyarkiya #suman #mainepyaarkiya #gratitude #thankyou pic.twitter.com/zMVpWH4d3w Bhagyashrees son and actor Abhimanyu Dassani also paid tribute to the film in a unique style - he recreated one if the iconic scenes from the movie with his Nikamma co-star Sherly Setia. #30YearsOfMainePyarKiya The Golden rule of Friendship taught to us by the previous generation of romantics, recreated by the next generation of #Nikammas, he wrote along with the video. In the video, Abhimanyu and Shirley recreate the scene where Prem gifts his cap with the words FRIEND and tells him, Dosti ka ek usool hai madam, no sorry no thank you. #30YearsOfMainePyarKiya The Golden rule of Friendship taught to us by the previous generation of romantics, recreated by the next generation of #Nikamma s . @ShirleySetia @TheShilpaShetty @sabbir24x7 @sonypicsindia @BeingSalmanKhan @bhagyashree123 pic.twitter.com/D86DB9zF53 Abhimanyu Dassani (@Abhimannyu_D) December 29, 2019 #30YearsOfMainePyarKiya The Golden rule of Friendship taught to us by the previous generation of romantics, recreated by the next generation of #Nikamma s . @ShirleySetia @TheShilpaShetty @sabbir24x7 @sonypicsindia @BeingSalmanKhan @bhagyashree123 pic.twitter.com/D86DB9zF53 Fans shared their favourite moments from the film. Laxmikanth Berde, had also made his debut with the film. After the success of MPK, Laxmikanth went on to become one of the best comedians of 90s. Comedians, Dilip Joshi (Jethalaal) also feature as cameos in the film.#30YearsOfMainePyarKiya  @rajshri #SalmanKhan, one fan wrote. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 30, 2019 13:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/hrithik-roshan-s-birthday-wish-from-ex-wife-sussanne-includes-incredible-moments-with-sons-hridhaan-hrehaan-watch/story-zUol6prRC58JbkzSb3cCrN.html</url>
<title>Hrithik Roshans birthday wish from ex-wife Sussanne includes incredible moments with sons Hridhaan, Hrehaan. Watch</title>
<body >Actor Hrithik Roshans birthday gift from ex-wife and friend Sussanne Khan couldnt have been more beautiful than this. As Hrithik turns 46, Sussanne shared a kaleidoscope of memories he and sons Hrehaan and Hridhaan have shared over the years. Happiest Happiest Birthday Rye... you are the most incredible Man I know.. #tothebestoflifeaheadofyou #10thjan2020 #bestdaddyaward #bestphilosophertoo, she wrote as she shared photos and videos of the three together. View this post on Instagram           Happiest Happiest Birthday Rye... you are the most incredible Man I know..  #tothebestoflifeaheadofyou #10thjan2020 #bestdaddyaward #bestphilosophertoo  A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Jan 9, 2020 at 6:29pm PST Happiest Happiest Birthday Rye... you are the most incredible Man I know..  #tothebestoflifeaheadofyou #10thjan2020 #bestdaddyaward #bestphilosophertoo  A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Jan 9, 2020 at 6:29pm PST Hrithik and Sussanne divorced in 2014 after being married for 14 years. They got married in 2000 and separated in 2013. Despite the divorce, the two remain good friends and co-parent their sons. Sussanne described their relationship perfectly when she recently tagged them as the modern family. The Modern Family. 2 boys, A Mom and A Dad Cousins and brothers Sisters Grandparents Grand uncle n aunt And 2 friends... new bonds and a heartfull of smiles. Everyday life that feels empowering 2020 here we come.. Processing our best while carving the slopes, she wrote while sharing a vacation they all took together over the New Year holidays. Hrithik, Sussanne and their sons were seen with Hrithiks parents Rakesh and Pinkie Roshan, Hrithiks musician uncle Rajesh, his sister Sunaina and Rajeshs sons Pashmina and Eshaan. Earlier, Hrithik described his relationship with Sussanne in these words: Its a beautiful relationship. With our kids, with us as friends, its all about wisdom. One thing is for sure: Love cant turn into hate. If its hate, it wasnt love. The flipside of love Is also love. Once you understand that, youll keep finding ways back into love. Hrithik enjoyed immense success in 2019 with Super 30 and War. The actor will be seen in the next iteration of his fathers directorial Krrish next. </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 10, 2020 10:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/hrithik-roshan-s-party-plans-for-son-hridhaan-s-birthday-today/story-iEvcNSyEyED8oLh5wweHsI.html</url>
<title>Hrithik Roshan's party plans for son Hridhaans birthday today</title>
<body > Despite his packed schedule, Hrithik Roshan has always taken time out for his family  especially his sons, Hrehaan and Hridhaan. In the latest instance, the dutiful father is going out of the way to celebrate the birthday of his younger son, Hridhaan. Hrithik, who has been shooting in Bhuj, Gujarat, for the past few months, flew back to Mumbai on Wednesday (April 29). He has made all the arrangements himself, including organising an elaborate lunch at a five-star hotel in Juhu, for Hridhaan and some of his friends today (May 1). Hrehaan, as well as his cousins (actor Zayed Khans kids), among others, will be present at the lunch, says an insider.Hrithik had earlier posted images with his sons as the trio was away for a vacation. You got to learn balance before u speed ahead in life. @jumeirahJV#Maldives pic.twitter.com/jBtOGY1B0Z After the film, the actor has organised a special screening of a new Hollywood superhero film at a suburban theatre. The insider adds, Hrithik has come down from Bhuj especially for Hridhaans birthday. He will fly back on Sunday (May 3) to wrap up rest of the shoot. The actor who is known for his rippling muscles and washboard abs is looking a lot leaner these days. We have learnt that he has lost some weight in the past few months, and has been looking a lot leaner as a result. We are not tourists...we are travellers... @jumeirahJV#Maldives pic.twitter.com/9RuI6v1epg In March, reports revealed that Hrithik had sprained the lower part of his neck while shooting for Ashutosh Gowarikers period film in Bhuj, Gujarat. This injury, in turn, affected his shoulders as well. Ever since, he has been unable to follow his regular workout regime, since it would hurt his shoulder, says an insider. As a result of not working out, the actor has lost some weight, which is evident in the size of his muscles and abs too. But, he plans to regain them soon. The insider says, Hrithik is feeling better now, so he intends to return to his workout regimen in two or three days, in order to regain his physique. </body>
<date >Updated: May 01, 2015 09:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sussanne-khan-shares-a-family-pic-with-hrithik-roshan-sons-hrehaan-and-hridhaan-enjoying-a-scenic-view-see-pic/story-bsU4Gmwc9fc1gNzt7IfDMK.html</url>
<title>Sussanne Khan shares a family pic with Hrithik Roshan, sons Hrehaan and Hridhaan enjoying a scenic view, see pic</title>
<body >Actor Hrithik Roshans ex-wife Sussanne Khan has moved in with the actor through the coronavirus pandemic to co-parent their sons, Hrehaan and Hridhaan together. OnSaturday, she posted a relaxed family picture of the three of them. Sharing the picture, she quoted lines from a poem by Welsh poet William Henry Davies and wrote: What is this life, so full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. No time to stand beneath the boughs, And ask with love, about the whys and  hows, So stop awhile and do enjoy that stare, Take it in.. absorb as we all are moving.. even though we dont know where. There is, this amazing thing called Life.... as the ultimate dare. Stay Home, Stay strong and full of care. Inserts taken from the poem.Leisure by William Henry Davies. #SHHH #stopandstare #the-philosophers #RyeRayRidz #designyourthoughts #summeroflockdown2020 #quarantivities #notestoself  p.s the app used for the moving clouds is called Pixaloop. View this post on Instagram           What is this life, so full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. No time to stand beneath the boughs And ask with love, about the whys and  hows So stop awhile and do enjoy that stare, Take it in.. absorb as we all are moving.. even though we dont know where. There is, this amazing thing called Life.... as the ultimate dare. Stay Home, Stay strong and full of care. Inserts taken from the poem Leisure by William Henry Davies. #SHHH #stopandstare #the-philosophers #RyeRayRidz #designyourthoughts #summeroflockdown2020 #quarantivities #notestoself  p.s the app used for the moving clouds is called Pixaloop.  A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Apr 24, 2020 at 9:34pm PDT What is this life, so full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. No time to stand beneath the boughs And ask with love, about the whys and  hows So stop awhile and do enjoy that stare, Take it in.. absorb as we all are moving.. even though we dont know where. There is, this amazing thing called Life.... as the ultimate dare. Stay Home, Stay strong and full of care. Inserts taken from the poem Leisure by William Henry Davies. #SHHH #stopandstare #the-philosophers #RyeRayRidz #designyourthoughts #summeroflockdown2020 #quarantivities #notestoself  p.s the app used for the moving clouds is called Pixaloop.  A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Apr 24, 2020 at 9:34pm PDT AlsoWatch: Hrithik Roshan waves at fans from balcony  The picture shows Hrithik and his sons standing at, what appears to be, their balcony as Hrithik faces the camera. The view opens up to vistas of the open skies, coconut trees, a lawn below even as clouds move past in the far sky beyond. Also read: When Shah Rukh Khan warned Aamir Khan to not work with Kajol:She is very bad, unfocused The Roshans recently celebrated Hrithiks parents Rakesh and Pinkis 49th wedding anniversary.  The 46-year-old actor took to Instagram and shared a video of him playing piano and singing Happy Anniversary song for his parents. In the shared video, the actor was also joined by sons and ex-wife Sussanne Khan, as they all sang the songs with him. Taking it to the captions, Hrithik wrote: The spirit must dance whether outdoors or quarantined indoors! Hrithik also posted two other separate videos, which featured some of the adorable moments shared by the senior couple. (WithANI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 25, 2020 22:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/watch-bihar-10th-result-2020-declared-by-bseb-8059-passvideo/video-c1CYVpX8Z8RnxuAlPrkZ2H.html</url>
<title>Watch: Bihar 10th result 2020 declared by BSEB, 80.59% pass</title>
<body >The Class 10th or matric exam 2020 result of the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) was announced on Tuesday in which 80.59% of students have passed. This year 14,94,071 candidates appeared in the examination, out of which 7,29,213 were boys and 7,64,858 were girls. A total of 12, 04,030 students passed the BSEB matric exam in which 5,90,545 are boys and 6,13,485 girls. The BSEB conducted the class 10 board exam between February 17 to 24. across 1368 examination centres. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/sav-s-supremacy-in-bihar-board-results-ends-only-3-out-of-41-in-top-10/story-9Ja6D4HO6nb9BX9fGxMS3O.html</url>
<title>SAVs supremacy in Bihar board results ends, only 3 out of 41 in top 10</title>
<body >The class 10 board results of the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has brought bad news for states premiere school, Simultala Awasiya Vidyalay (SAV), which held sway in the top 10 in the last five years. This year, it has no student in the top 5, while there are just three students among the 41 students in the top 10  a steep fall for the institution set up in 2010 to fill the void of Netarhat Vidyalay that went to Jharkhand after Bihars bifurcation. Also Read: Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Toppers List: Himanshu Raj of Rohtas tops, check merit list In its debut class 10 board exams in 2015, 19 students of the Simultala Awasiya Vidyalay (SAV) had secured more than 96% - a record since the inception of the Bihar board in 1952  while 70 students got 90% to 96%. Since then, it hardly left any space for other schools in the top 10, until its near wipeout this year. A dream project of Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, its students had captured the top 108 positions in 2016, while the turn of other schools came only after that. In 2019, its 16 students were in the top 10, which had a total of 18 students. This year, the SAV students ranked 7th, 8th and 10th. Also Read: Bihar 10th Result 2020: 80.59% pass BSEB matric examination The institution had struggled due to a host of issues and also had to skip two sessions 2013-14  2014-15. In 2017, it conducted test for class 7 and 8, along with entrance level class 6, after chief minister Nitish Kumar expressed his displeasure over  its functioning. Later a six-member committee was formed at the directive of the then chief secretary Anjani Kumar Singh. The committee submitted its report, but nothing changed. So far, four committees have been formed for improving the school functioning. The report also highlighted migration of students from SAV after Class 10. Also Read: BSEB Bihar 10th Result 2020 Live Updates: Bihar Board class 10th result declared at biharboardonline.com SAV principal Rajiv Ranjan said the results were shocking and very difficult to digest. We were never expecting such results in class 10 board. Nothing has changed in the school, but the results have taken a sudden dip this year, he added. Ranjan said there would be thorough review of performance and the students would certainly like to apply for scrutiny, as nobody was ready to believe it. The shock is big and it will take time to absorb. We know the students. In Class 12, there could be variation as many students study outside at different places, but in class 10, it is difficult, he added. Even after a decade of its establishment, the school still does not have its own campus, though the government has a big budget for this school. It also has to manage with ad hoc teachers. Later, the Bihar board issued a communiqu, saying that all the 115 students of SAV had secured first division marks, with the minimum being 73.20% and the highest being 94.80%. Click here for full coverage of Bihar Board class 10 results. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-today-at-onlinebseb-in-check-bseb-matric-result-on-mobile-in-four-simple-steps/story-Bdrc8NWVi3thxZY1gMuttJ.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th result 2020 today at onlinebseb.in: Check BSEBmatric result on mobile in four simple steps</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) will declare the Bihar Board class 10th result today at 12:30 pm. The result will be declared online at biharboardonline.com and onlinebseb.inCandidates can either check their results on computer or on their smartphones.Not many of students have access to computer so we will tell you how to check your Bihar Board 10th results on mobile phone by following four easy steps. Students must keep their admit card handy so that they can easily feed their roll number, roll code and registration number on the login page to download their scores. Students should also make sure that they have an active internet connection. The Bihar board result page often crashes at the beginning due to heavy traffic as lakhs of students try to login on the page to check their result. However, candidates are advised to refresh the page at regular intervals or try after half an hour if the webpage is not opening. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Follow live updates here Follow these simple steps to check your Bihar Board 10th result 2020 on mobile: Open Google chrome or any other browser on your mobile phone Step: 1 In the address bar type www.onlinebseb.in A login page will appear on the screen Step 2:Key in your login credentials like roll number and roll code etc Step 3: Enter captcha Step 4: Press the submit button Your Bihar Board 10th Result will be displayed on screen Take a screenshot of the result by pressing the lower volume key and the power button on the side of your mobile phone. How to check result at biharboardonline.com Students can also check their results at biharboardonline.com As soon as the Bihar Board 10th result is declared and uploaded, a new link will be flashing on this page that will read  Matric Result 2020 server 1 Step 1: Click on the matric result 2020 link flashing on the homepage Step 2: Alogin page will appear on the screen. Key in your roll number, roll code and registration number as mentioned in your admit card. Step 3:Enter the captcha code as displayed on the screen Step 4:Press submit button Your BSEBBihar matric result will be displayed on your mobile screen. Take its screenshot. Click here for full coverage on Bihar Board 10th result 2020 </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-class-10th-result-2020-to-be-declared-today-at-onlinebseb-in-here-s-how-to-check/story-vWixPezxMhAsjfZ7pFQKsM.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board Class 10th Result 2020 to be declared soon at onlinebseb.in, heres how to check</title>
<body >Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB) will declare the Bihar class 10th result 2020 soon on its official websites at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor announced that the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 will be declared today by the state Education Minister Krishana Nandan Prasad Verma at 12:30 pm. Students who have appeared in the examination can check their results by logging in to onlinebseb.in or biharboardonline.com. The wait for 15 lakh  students who have appeared in the BSEB class 10th exam will be over soon. The board conducted the class 10 examination from February 17 to 24, 2020, at various centres spread across the state. Click here to get BSEBmatric result 2020 alert How to check BSEBBihar 10th result 2020: 1. Visit the official website at onlinebseb.in or biharboardonline.com and click on the result link 2. Key in your roll number and roll code 3. The BSEB matric result 2020 will appear on the display screen 4. Download the results and take its print out for future references. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result/</url>
<title>bseb 10th martic result 2020</title>
<body >The Bihar board has decided to accept online applications for scrutiny of papers from Friday onwards. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Out of 14,94,071 students who appeared for the matriculation exam this year, 7,29,213 boys and 7,64,858 girls passed. Bihar Board class 10th toppers interview 2020:Son of a vegetable vendor, Himanshu Raj emerged as the topper in the matric exam this year. Read inspiring stories of top 3 rank holders here. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Watch video of BSEB chairman Anand Kishor, education minister and additional chief secretary,education dept. speaking about the result details. Bihar board class 10 results: This year, it has no student in the top 5, while there are just three students among the 41 students in the top 10  a steep fall for the institution set up in 2010 to fill the void of Netarhat Vidyalay that went to Jharkhand... BSEB Bihar Board 10th result 2020: The Bihar Board Class 10 examinations 2020 were conducted from February 17 to 24, 2020 at 1368 centers spread across the state. BSEB Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Topper List: Bihar Education Minister Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma on Tuesday declared the results of the BSEB class 10 board examination 2020. Bihar 10th Result 2020: This year 14,94,071 candidates appeared in the examination, out of which 7,29,213 were boys and 7,64,858 were girls. Bihar board 10th result 2020:Students who have appeared in the Bihar board class 10 exams can check their results online at biharboard.ac.in. BSEB declared the results of the Bihar board class 12 exam 2020 on March 24, 2020. Bihar 10th Result 2020 or Bihar Board Matric Result 2020 Declared: Bihar SchoolExamination Board has declared the class BSEB Bihar matric results on Tuesday at onlinebseb.in. Check direct links and steps to download results here. BSEB Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Latest Updates: Bihar matric result 2020 has been declared today at onlinebseb.in, biharboardonline.com, biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, biharboard.online, biharboard.ac.in. Check latest updates here. Bihar Board 10th result will be declared on May 26 at onlinebseb.in. Not many of the candidates have access to a computer so we will tell you how to check your Bihar Board 10th results on mobile phone by following just four easy steps. Check the steps... BSEB Bihar 10th Result 2020 Declared Latest Updates: Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 has been declared at biharboardonline.com and onlinebseb.in. Check latest updates here. Bihar Board class 10th Result 2020:The wait of Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will finally be over in just few hours. The BSEBmatric result will be declared today at 12:30 pm at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com. Heres everything you need to know... Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB) will declare the Bihar class 10th result 2020 today on its official websites at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com BSEB Matric Result 2020: Keeping in mind the coronavirus lockdown, the Bihar Board has decided to not hold a press conference for announcing the BSEB matric results. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Students who have appeared in the BSEB matriculation examination conducted from February 17 to 24, 2020, can check their results online at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 will be declared tomorrow at biharboard.ac.in. Candidates who have appeared for the BSEBmatric result 2020 can check their results online. Check details here. Bihar Board 10th result has again been delayed. BSEBchairman Anand Kishor said that the post- evaluation work of board result is still left and it might take four to five days to complete it. BSEBBihar Board class 10th result 2020 is expected to be declared soon. Here are few important things you should know before the Bihar matric result is declared. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-2020-result-bihar-10th-result-to-be-declared-at-12-30-pm-today-everything-you-need-to-know/story-TG3ekGE6HCFFUS4lS4CebN.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 2020 Result: Bihar 10th result to be declared at 12:30 pm today, everything you need to know</title>
<body >Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:The wait of Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will finally be over in just few hours. Around 15 lakh candidates have been anxiously waiting for their BSEB matric results for last one week. Bihar SchoolExamination Board had on Monday released a press note to announce that the matric results will be declared onTuesday, May 26 at 12:30 pm. The Bihar Board class 10th results will be available online at biharboardonline.com and onlinebseb.in. Candidates can visit either of these websites to check their matric results. Unlike every year, BSEB will not hold any press conference to announce the results this year in view of maintaining social distancing. Hence, the students will not be able to watch the result declaration live on TV. However, they can read the BSEBliveblog on HT from 8 am onwards that will be regularly updated.Candidates can also register for the result alert  on our HT result portal to get the alert SMSas soon as the result is declared. Click here to register for free. Moreover, the board informed that this year the education minister of Bihar, Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma will announce the Bihar Board 10th results 2020 in presence of  RKMahajan, additional chief secretary, education department Bihar. BSEBchairman Anand Kishor had earlier announced that the board has planned to declare the matric and intermediate results in the last week of March or in the first week of April. BSEB had declared the intermediate results on March 24. However, due to the coronavirus outbreak the Bihar matric result was delayed. Although the examination was concluded onFebruary 24, the evaluation process was left midway due to the coronavirus lockdown. The evaluation resumed onMay 6 and ended on May 17 after which the marks of all candidates were compiled and fed in the computer. The topper list was prepared by the board and a panel of subject experts were constituted to re-examine the papers of top 10 rank holders and conduct an interview to verify the genuineness of the toppers. This year, over 15 lakh students had taken the Bihar Board class 10th exams that were conducted from February 17 to 24 across 13868 centres in the state. A total of 15, 29,393 students have registered for the examination. Out of which, 7, 83,034 students are female, and 7, 46,359 are male. In the first shift of the exam, 7, 74,415 students, and in the second shift, 7, 54,978 students had appeared for the exam. This year the board had adopted various new measures to eradicate the use of any unfair means in the board examinations. For the first time ever, the board had introduced a pre- printed  answer books and OMRsheets that had the name and photo of the candidates printed on them to avoid impersonation. Out of the total of 100 questions, the question paper had 60 objective type questions out of which students had to attempt any 50. How to check the Bihar Board 10th result after it is declared: Candidates will have to visit the official website at onlinebseb.in or biharboardonline.com On the homepage, they will find a result link that will read Bihar Board 10th result 2020 Click on the result link A login page will appear Key in your roll number, roll code and registered number as mentioned in your admit card Your Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be displayed on the screen. Download and take a print out if possible. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 07:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-declared-at-onlinebseb-in-check-details/story-T1VFLhlqZRFcs1XYLYW5YO.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th result 2020 declared at onlinebseb.in, check details</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has declared the result of the Bihar board matriculation exam 2020 on its official website. Bihar Education Minister Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma declared the result of BSEB matric exam 2020 in the presence of RK Mahajan, Additional Chief Secretary, Bihar Education Department. Students who have appeared in the Bihar board class 10 exams can check their results online at biharboardonline.com. BSEB declared the results of the Bihar board class 12 exam 2020 on March 24, 2020. This year  14,94,071 candidates appeared in the examination, out of which  7,29,213 were boys and 7,64,858 were girls. In the matric result announced on Tuesday,   4,03,392 students secured first division, 5,24,217 second division and 2,75,402 got third division. In the BSEB matric exam 80.59% of students have passed. The evaluation of the Bihar board class 10th answersheet was resumed on May 6 and got completed last week. Over 15 lakh students appeared in BSEB Class 10th exam from February 17 to February 24, which was held across 1368 exam centres. Last year, class 10 results were declared on April 6 with an overall pass percentage of 80.73%. How to check BSEB class 10 exam 2020 result: 1. Visit the official website at onlinebseb.in or biharboardonline.com 2. On the home page, click on the link that reads, Bihar Board matric result 2020 3. A new page will appear on the display screen 4. Key in your roll number and roll code and submit 5. Bihar Board class 10 result will appear on the display screen 6. Check and download Bihar 10th result </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/in-chhattisgarh-psychologists-to-counsel-labourers-in-quarantine-centres/story-QAgksqghfIlLku7o9NmTaL.html</url>
<title>In Chhattisgarh, psychologists to counsel labourers in quarantine centres</title>
<body >The Chhattisgarh government on Wednesday announced a slew of measures to help labourers lodged in quarantine centres of the state, including hiring psychologists to counsel them. The decision was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by Chief Minister Bhupesh Baghel at his residence this evening to discuss post-lockdown measures to prevent the spread of Covid-19 and a strategy to resume economic activities in the state. The meeting was attended by all the ministers and senior officials of the state government. The chief minister gave instructions to arrange for televisions, radio sets etc for entertainment of migrant labourers in quarantine centers and also directed to take services of psychologists for counselling of labourers. Instructions to conduct yoga and other motivational activities in quarantine centers with the help of NGOs were also given, said a senior government official. According to a government statement, Baghel said that it is important to solve the food and employment related problems of labourers returning to the state. For this, ration cards and MNREGA job cards should be issued to them as soon as possible. List of skilled and semi-skilled labourers should be prepared and provided to the local industries. This will help labourers to get regular employment and the industries will get the manpower required. The government also decided that the shops in the state will open six days a week with proper measures and precautions. The meeting also discussed restarting the maximum number of industries in the state. After the third phased of lockdown 1,371 factories in the state have started functioning again. Nearly 1.3 lakh labourers have returned to work in these factories, the statement said. According to the government, 2.12 lakh migrant labourers have been brought back to the state so far. The district collectors have been sanctioned Rs 18.24 crore from State Disaster Relief Fund and Rs 4 crore by State Government for helping the labourers stranded in other states. A total of Rs 66. 73 lakh was transferred into the bank accounts of migrant labourers in various states till now. Health Department was also provided Rs 75 crore from State Disaster Relief Fund, the statement said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 22:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/up-mango-growers-fear-extensive-losses/story-i4c78XiNF1ZyOgdVcpTKgL.html</url>
<title>UP:Mango growers fear extensive losses</title>
<body >As the threat of desert locusts hovers over Uttar Pradesh, anxiety has gripped the mango growers in Malihabad . Central Institute for Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) officials said if locusts attacked the mango crop, which was expected to hit the market from June 1, it would be destroyed completely. The agriculture department has stationed around 16 tractor -mounted pesticide sprayers at border areas and 12 technicians and more than 5,000 locals in the area, armed with drums, plates and other noise making utensils to scare away the locusts. CP Srivastava, deputy director agriculture, Lucknow said, Desert locust attack is expected in Kanpur. It totally depends upon the wind direction. If it heads towards Lucknow, the locusts will come along. However, we have made elaborate arrangements in Malihabad, Mall and Kakori. Also we have deputed tractor-mounted sprayers on the borders to spray pesticides and also roped in locals and villagers to scare away the locusts. There seems no relief for us. First the yield was much less than expectation, then came corona, followed by lockdown and now the locust attack. We dont have any option than to watch our crops being destroyed, said Mohammed Miyan, headman of Mujasa village in Malihabad, a part of mango belt in the state capital. The mango belt here comprises Malihabad, Mall and Kakori tehsils.. In all three tehsils, the records of the horticulture department suggest mango is produced on 23,589 hectares of land. Malihabad is said to be the largest contributor to the total mango production (from the mango belt) with over 10,000 hectares of land under mango farming, said Insram Ali, president of All India Mango Growers Association. This is a very crucial time for the mango crop since it is all set to hit the market. If any such attack occurs, it will totally destroy the crop, said Ali. It would be a double whammy for the mango growers already facing the brunt of the lockdown. In UP, every year, the mango growers exported around 10 tonnes of Dussehri mangoes to the Gulf countries but this year due to lockdown there are no buyers from abroad, he added. Dr Shailendra Rajan, director, ICAR-Central Institute for Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) that aims to train the farmers in getting maximum yield said, If desert locusts attack the mango belt they would surely destroy the crop set to hit the market. This is a peculiar situation never seen before. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-shah-rukh-khan-s-film-with-sanjay-leela-bhansali-almost-happened-producer-reveals-what-went-wrong/story-A2Vd7CmvqYJWds0K6iQiEI.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan-Shah Rukh Khans film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali almost happened; producer reveals what went wrong</title>
<body >Sanjay Leela Bhansali had pulled a casting coup of sorts earlier this year, when he got Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan together for a film. Well, almost. In an interview with Mumbai Mirror, producer Nikhil Dwivedi confirmed that both stars had given their nod to the film, but said that the film has now been put on the backburner. Yes, it almost happened. Both SRK and SK had agreed to come together, we were excited about it. But I believe Mr Bhansali wasnt very happy with the second half of the script and wanted more time to work on it, he said. However, in the time that has passed, Salman had a tiff with Sanjay, who was supposed to be directing him in Inshallah. The film, which would have marked their first full-fledged collaboration in two decades, has now been shelved. When Nikhil was asked if there is a chance that Sanjays film with Salman and Shah Rukh would be revived, he said, I have my doubts. Also read |Happy Birthday Taimur Ali Khan: Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khans son turns three, see family pics Though Salman and Shah Rukh have made special appearances in each others films in the recent past, they have not done a full-fledged film together in more than two decades. While Shah Rukh had a cameo in Tubelight, Salman was seen in a special song in Zero. Salman is seen in Dabangg 3, in which he returns as Inspector Chulbul Pandey, a cop who plays by his own rules. The film, which is in theatres now, also stars Sonakshi Sinha, debutante Saiee Manjrekar, Arbaaz Khan, Sudeep and Pramod Khanna in key roles. Meanwhile, Shah Rukh is yet to announce his next project as an actor, after Aanand L Rais Zero. He recently announced his next production venture, Bob Biswas, which will have Abhishek Bachchan in the eponymous role. The film is a spin-off of the 2012 hit Kahaani and will go on floors early next year. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 20, 2019 09:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-s-cryptic-tweet-after-inshallah-getting-postponed-hints-at-eid-2020-release-for-kick-2/story-kJSKLyC3XpbG9h3JJtDaQJ.html</url>
<title>Salman Khans cryptic tweet after Inshallah getting postponed hints at Eid 2020 release for Kick 2</title>
<body >Even as fans were getting over the disappointment of Salman Khans Eid 2020 release, Inshallah, getting shelved, the superstar has shared, what many feel, is a good news. In sync with his earlier promise that he would release a film on Eid 2020 despite Inshallah getting pushed, he took to Twitter on Monday evening to make a cryptic announcement that may hold the secret of his plan of action for the festival next year. Itna mat sochna mere baare mein, Dil mein aata hoon.. aur Eid pe bhi (Dont worry so much about me, I reside in your hearts.. and also arrive on Eid), tweeted Salman. The cryptic tweet borrows from Salmans line in his 2014 Eid blockbuster, Kick. Mere bare mein itna mat sochna, dil mein aata hoon samajh mein nahi (Dont worry so much about me, I reside in your hearts but not in your perception), his character says in the film. Itna mat sochna mere baare mein, Dil mein aata hoon.. aur Eid pe bhi  Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) August 26, 2019 Itna mat sochna mere baare mein, Dil mein aata hoon.. aur Eid pe bhi  The film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali is pushed but I will still see you all on Eid, 2020. Insha-Allah!! Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) August 25, 2019 The film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali is pushed but I will still see you all on Eid, 2020. Insha-Allah!! Fans took Salmans latest tweet as an attestation of the fact that he has pushed Insallah in order to release Kick 2 on Eid 2020. Also read: Ileana DCruz deletes pictures of husband Andrew Kneebone, couple unfollows each other amid reports of split Earlier in the day, Salman had announced on Twitter that his film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali Inshallah has been pushed and will not release on Eid 2020. Bhansali Productions also tweeted saying they have decided not to go ahead with the film as of now. This, of course, was a big disappointment for Salmans fans because Inshallah would be reuniting the superstar with filmmaker Bhansali, and also pairing him opposite Alia Bhatt. Salman Khans fans will surely be overjoyed if Kick 2 releases on next Eid. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 26, 2019 20:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/kapil-sharma-has-a-complaint-about-archana-puran-singh-salman-khan-jokes-modi-saab-se-karo-watch-video/story-8YDlWPYFycaqLuHEwwIj3K.html</url>
<title>Kapil Sharma has a complaint about Archana Puran Singh, Salman Khan jokes Modi saab se karo. Watch video</title>
<body >In a new uncensored video from The Kapil Sharma Show, Salman Khan is seen taking a dig at host Kapil Sharma. Salman and the team of Dabangg 3 came on the show to promote their film. In the video, Kapil tells the actor that he has a complaint about Archana Puran Singh. Modi saab se karo, Salman quips, taking a jibe at the comedians earlier tweets to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Kapil jokingly complained that Archana leaks content from The Kapil Sharma Show on her Instagram account. Show telecast bhi nahi hota, yeh aadhe se zyada toh Instagram pe dikha deti hai. (Even before the show is telecast, she puts up more than half of the things on Instagram), he said. She defended herself by saying that she only posts behind-the-scenes videos and not actual footage from the show. Watch the video here:  Earlier, in 2016, Kapil tagged the prime minister on Twitter and complained about having to cough up a bribe of Rs 5 lakh to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation for the construction of his office. I am paying 15 cr income tax from last 5 year n still i have to pay 5 lacs bribe to BMC office for making my office @narendramodi, he had tweeted. I am paying 15 cr income tax from last 5 year n still i have to pay 5 lacs bribe to BMC office for making my office @narendramodi Kapil Sharma (@KapilSharmaK9) September 9, 2016 I am paying 15 cr income tax from last 5 year n still i have to pay 5 lacs bribe to BMC office for making my office @narendramodi Also Watch:Dabangg 3 | Public review | Salman Khan | Sonakshi Sinha  Meanwhile, Salman is back with Dabangg 3, the third installment in his popular cop franchise. Directed by Prabhudeva, the film also stars Sonakshi Sinha, newcomer Saiee Manjrekar, Arbaaz Khan, Kannada star Kiccha Sudeep, Pramod Khanna, Pankaj Tripathi and Mahie Gill in pivotal roles. It is currently running in theatres. Also read: Salman Khan-Shah Rukh Khans film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali almost happened; producer reveals what went wrong At the trailer launch of Dabangg 3, Salman said that he was eagerly waiting for its release because the entire team has worked really hard on it. We have worked hard for this film as compared to Tiger Zinda Hai and my previous other films. We have worked 10 times harder in terms of story, production, direction, action, songs and the whole creative journey, so there has been a lot of work that has gone while making this film, he was quoted as saying by IANS. The actor added that since expectations were riding high on Dabangg 3, they had to work extra hard. The third one should be the biggest of the lot. Usually, sequels dont do well as compared to the first one so, we have worked really hard on this film. It doesnt have only action and entertainment but it also has a story. When you (audience) will see the film, you will get to know there is a lot more than just masala in this film, he said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 21, 2019 15:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-saif-ali-khan-s-son-taimur-has-his-birthday-wish-fulfilled-cuts-a-santa-claus-cake-watch-video/story-7ct5xch1NtLfNl5PpfYFSN.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoor, Saif Ali Khans son Taimur has his birthday wish fulfilled, cuts a Santa Claus cake. Watch video</title>
<body >Actor Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khans son Taimur Ali Khan had his wish fulfilled by his parents on his third birthday. A new video from the birthday celebrations on Thursday shows him preparing to cut a Santa Claus cake. In the video, Taimur stands in front of a double decker cake in red and white, with a tiny Santa Claus atop. His parents flank him and crowds behind them sing the Happy Birthday song. At one point, Kareenas parents, Randhir and Babita, join in to help Taimur cut his cake. View this post on Instagram           #taimuralikhan at his birthday party #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Dec 20, 2019 at 3:11am PST #taimuralikhan at his birthday party #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Dec 20, 2019 at 3:11am PST While Taimurs birthday was on December 20, the family decided to have a kids party a day before. The function was attended by Karan Johars son Yash and Soha Ali Khans daughter Inaaya Naumi Kemmu among others. Also read: Aishwarya Rais daughter Aaradhya steps out in a sari for school function, Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan turn guests. See pics Speaking about her sons birthday party, Kareena had said that he had demanded two cakes, one Santa Claus and another, The Hulk. She had added that Saif and she would be in Mumbai this time, unlike Taimurs last birthday. She was quoted in a Times of India report as saying, Taimurs birthday plans, we are going to be here (in Mumbai). Ill be promoting the film and Saif is here. We will be spending time with the family. He will have a small little get together with 8-10 of his friends. He definitely has demanded two cakes and not one. He is a Kapoor (laughs). He is like, I want two cakes. One Santa and one hulk. I said, Why two?, he is like Two! View this post on Instagram           Be Ecstatic and spread the love Because it's Tim tim Birthday  Happy Birthday Tim tim  #happy3rdbirthdaytaimur  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Dec 19, 2019 at 9:33pm PST Be Ecstatic and spread the love Because it's Tim tim Birthday  Happy Birthday Tim tim  #happy3rdbirthdaytaimur  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Dec 19, 2019 at 9:33pm PST It may be recalled that Taimurs first two birthdays had been celebrated in Pataudi and South Africa. Kareena was recently asked about having her second child. She mentioned that a second child was not on her mind as of now. A while back, she told Mumbai Mirror, There is no good news related to a second child in my life. Both Saif and I are happy with our kid Taimur Ali Khan. As of now, we dont have any plans for a second child. We both are very busy with our work and are trying to balance our professional and personal lives. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 21, 2019 09:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/dabangg-3-box-office-day-1-collection-salman-khan-film-makes-estimated-rs-22-crore-hit-by-social-unrest/story-9xfbQEQiDu4XasmHeYnoQN.html</url>
<title>Dabangg 3 box office day 1 collection: Salman Khan film makes Rs 24.50 crore, hit by social unrest</title>
<body >Dabangg 3, starring Salman Khan, has collected Rs 24.50 crores on day one, according trade analyst Taran Adarsh. He also said that the collection would have been higher had there been no protests. Tweeting about it, he said, #Dabangg3 Fri  24.5 cr. #India biz. Note: ALL VERSIONS. In an earlier tweet, he had written: #Dabangg3 hits  20 cr+ on Day 1 thanks largely to #SalmanKhans star power... Day 1 biz wouldve easily been much, much higher had it not been for the protests... Resultantly, biz kept fluctuating throughout the day... A substantial sum was lost due to this reason... #Dabangg3 Fri  24.5 cr. #India biz. Note: ALL VERSIONS. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) December 21, 2019 #Dabangg3 Fri  24.5 cr. #India biz. Note: ALL VERSIONS. #Dabangg3 hits  20 cr+ on Day 1 thanks largely to #SalmanKhans star power... Day 1 biz wouldve easily been much, much higher had it not been for the protests... Resultantly, biz kept fluctuating throughout the day... A substantial sum was lost due to this reason... taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) December 21, 2019 #Dabangg3 hits  20 cr+ on Day 1 thanks largely to #SalmanKhans star power... Day 1 biz wouldve easily been much, much higher had it not been for the protests... Resultantly, biz kept fluctuating throughout the day... A substantial sum was lost due to this reason... Compiling the opening figures of Salmans films from 2010 to 2019, he said, #SalmanKhan versus #SalmanKhan... *Day 1* biz... 2010 to 2019... 2010: #Veer  7 cr, 2010: #Dabangg  14.50 cr, 2011: #Ready  13.15 cr, 2011: #Bodyguard  21.60 cr 2012: #EkThaTiger  32.93 cr, 2012: #Dabangg2  21.10 cr, 2013: #JaiHo  17.75 cr, 2014: #Kick  26.40 cr contd. #SalmanKhan versus #SalmanKhan... *Day 1* biz... 2010 to 2019...2010: #Veer  7 cr2010: #Dabangg  14.50 cr2011: #Ready  13.15 cr2011: #Bodyguard  21.60 cr2012: #EkThaTiger  32.93 cr2012: #Dabangg2  21.10 cr2013: #JaiHo  17.75 cr2014: #Kick  26.40 crcontd. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) December 21, 2019 #SalmanKhan versus #SalmanKhan... *Day 1* biz... 2010 to 2019...2010: #Veer  7 cr2010: #Dabangg  14.50 cr2011: #Ready  13.15 cr2011: #Bodyguard  21.60 cr2012: #EkThaTiger  32.93 cr2012: #Dabangg2  21.10 cr2013: #JaiHo  17.75 cr2014: #Kick  26.40 crcontd. He continued, 2015: #BajrangiBhaijaan  27.25 cr, 2015: #PRDP  40.35 cr, 2016: #Sultan  36.54 cr, 2017: #Tubelight  21.15 cr, 2017: #TZH  34.10 cr, 2018: #Race3  29.17 cr, 2019: #Bharat  42.30 cr, 2019: #Dabangg3  24.50 cr #India biz. #SalmanKhan versus #SalmanKhan... *Day 1* biz...2015: #BajrangiBhaijaan  27.25 cr2015: #PRDP  40.35 cr2016: #Sultan  36.54 cr2017: #Tubelight  21.15 cr2017: #TZH  34.10 cr2018: #Race3  29.17 cr2019: #Bharat  42.30 cr2019: #Dabangg3  24.50 cr#India biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) December 21, 2019 #SalmanKhan versus #SalmanKhan... *Day 1* biz...2015: #BajrangiBhaijaan  27.25 cr2015: #PRDP  40.35 cr2016: #Sultan  36.54 cr2017: #Tubelight  21.15 cr2017: #TZH  34.10 cr2018: #Race3  29.17 cr2019: #Bharat  42.30 cr2019: #Dabangg3  24.50 cr#India biz. Also read: Aishwarya Rais daughter Aaradhya steps out in a sari for school function, Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan turn guests. See pics Dabangg 3 is the third instalment in the Dabangg franchise, produced by Arbaaz Khan and tells the story of a fearless cop named Chulbul Pandey, who is known for his unconventional ways. Chulbul had initially been envisioned as a negative character and the film was supposed to be a dark one. Speaking about it, Salman had said in a group interview, It was a very dark film, small film to be made under Rs 2 crore. At that point of time, it had Randeep Hooda and Arbaaz. So Arbaaz said he has been approached for this and its a good one so just hear it. Then six-eight months passed before I finally heard it. I think UTV was supposed to do it. I liked the feel of the film but Chulbul was out and out negative. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 21, 2019 15:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/taarak-mehta-ka-ooltah-chashmah-team-remembers-dr-haathi-kavi-kumar-azad-on-1st-death-anniversary/story-36f9GEeHPr9zGz8lS8E6xM.html</url>
<title>Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah team remembers Dr Haathi Kavi Kumar Azad on 1st death anniversary</title>
<body >The cast and crew of hit comedy show Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah have shared special messages on the one year death anniversary of their late co-star Kavi Kumar Azad. Actors Dilip Joshi and Ambika Rajankar shared throwback pictures on social media to mark the day. Asit Kumar Modi, the shows producer, remembered Kavi and said the team missed him. We miss him but nothing in our hand and in replacement of him Mr. Nirmal Soni playing the role is doing his job very sincerely, he told Pinkvilla. He also shared a post dedicated to Kavi on Twitter. I am not a piece of paper that the wind would blow me away, she shared a quote by Kavi in his tweet and offered his prayers on his death anniversary. The shows lead. Dilip (who plays Jethalal on the show) shared Kavis picture on Instagram and wrote, Miss you Hathi bhai. Tanmay Vekaria also shared message:On his first death anniversary, his is still living in our hearts#azadbhai #drhathi #kavikumarazad #missingyou #tarakmehtakaultachashma #neelatelefilms. Ambika Ranjankar, who played Dr Hathis wife, Komal wrote: Youll always be in our hearts... Im sure you are watching over us. Check out their posts: View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Ambika (@hasmukhi) on Jul 8, 2019 at 8:55pm PDT A post shared by Ambika (@hasmukhi) on Jul 8, 2019 at 8:55pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Tanmay Vekaria (@tanmayvekaria) on Jul 8, 2019 at 10:22pm PDT A post shared by Tanmay Vekaria (@tanmayvekaria) on Jul 8, 2019 at 10:22pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Dilip Joshi (@dilip_joshi_) on Jul 9, 2019 at 1:24am PDT A post shared by Dilip Joshi (@dilip_joshi_) on Jul 9, 2019 at 1:24am PDT           -             @TMKOC_NTF pic.twitter.com/2w1EQq55fC Asit Kumarr Modi (@AsitKumarrModi) July 9, 2019           -             @TMKOC_NTF pic.twitter.com/2w1EQq55fC Also read: Saif Ali Khan gave a special gift to sister-in-law Karisma Kapoor at his wedding with Kareena Kapoor Kavi Kumar Azad, who played the friendly Dr Hansraj Haathi on the show, died last year of heart attack, leaving his fans around the world shocked. Azad was unwell and was taken to Mumbais Wokhardt Hospital after he complained of discomfort. However, doctors announced him dead on arrival. The shows producer, Asit Kumarr Modi, confirmed the news of the actors death. We are very sad to inform loss of our senior actor Kavi Kumar Azaad. He was playing the character of Dr Hathi in Taarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chashma. We lost him to a massive cardiac arrest today morning. He was an amazing actor and a very positive person. He truly Loved the show and always came for the shoot even if he was not feeling well. He called today morning that he is not well and will not be able to come for shoot. And later we got the news that he passed away. We are all too numb to say anything, Asit Kumarr Modi said in a statement. Kavi played the role of Dr Haathi on Taarak Mehta for almost eight years, having replaced actor Nirmal Soni, who played the role for a year since the shows inception, in 2009. Apart from working on the small screen, Azad had also featured in a few films including Aamir Khans Mela and Funtoosh. He was an integral part of Taarak Mehta that has made it to the Guinness Book of World Records for airing the highest number of episodes on television, both original and repeat. On June 28 last year, the cast and crew celebrated the 5000th episode. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 10, 2019 18:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/sara-khan-on-her-being-trolled-for-cosmetic-procedure-i-wanted-fuller-lips-and-got-it-done-what-s-the-big-deal/story-JHQe0xQReEDyqDooTfoDcN.html</url>
<title>Sara Khan on her being trolled for cosmetic procedure: I wanted fuller lips and got it done, whats the big deal?</title>
<body > When she posted a selfie on Instagram, all actor Sara Khan intended to do was announce her upcoming single through the post but little did she know that she would be mercilessly trolled for her picture. After the photo was posted, it is being said that Sara has undergone a lip surgery that has gone wrong. Read| Sara Khan trolled for plastic surgery gone wrong, actor says she loves her lip job. See pics While there have been endless nasty comments on that post, Sara seems totally unfazed by all the negativity. I dont understand whats so much noise about! she says, and adds, I had posted a video and Insta stories about my lip filler, [where I] openly spoke that I have not done any lip surgery. I did not even faint when I was getting it done. They dont give you any anesthesia. Its just one injection and you are done. Without any qualms, Sara, who is known for TV shows such as Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai, Bhagyalaxmi and Woh Apna Sa, adds that grooming [for an actor] is important at times and theres no harm in even going under the knife if one feels the need to do so. If you dont have anything and you badly want it, then just get it done. This is what I believe in. I am happy with rest of my body except my lips. I wanted fuller lips and decided to get this done. And once again she insists that it is not a case of surgery gone wrong, I am very happy with the result, and with my smile, too. Trust me, nothing went wrong as many have been speculating. View this post on Instagram           Happiness all around  Soon Ill break the big news. Stay tuned #ssarakhan #sarakhan #happynews #sooncoming #work #bliss #happy #love #lovemylife #thankful #gratitude #bliss A post shared by  sara Khan (@ssarakhan) on Jan 12, 2019 at 3:05am PST Happiness all around  Soon Ill break the big news. Stay tuned #ssarakhan #sarakhan #happynews #sooncoming #work #bliss #happy #love #lovemylife #thankful #gratitude #bliss A post shared by  sara Khan (@ssarakhan) on Jan 12, 2019 at 3:05am PST On how she deals with trolls, Sara says she reads positive comments and counts the negative ones out. Trolls dont deserve much attention. None of them are feeding or taking care of me. Who are they to take decisions for me? Whatever I post on social media, trolls will always have something to say. If I dont get trolled, I feel I have not done something right and feel insecure, she says with a laugh. Lastly, Sara points out that amidst all this, her work announcement just went unnoticed. This is my new single  a super fun track for all the brides. Weve recreated the title track of Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai and its done by Altaaf Sayyed (Pakistani singer-composer). Weve shot a beautiful video, which will release soon, says the actor adding that she will be seen in Bollywood film soon. Author tweets @Shreya_MJ Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 13, 2019 16:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/sara-khan-trolled-for-plastic-surgery-gone-wrong-actor-says-she-loves-her-lip-job-see-pics/story-0wRh9z7qUwHioNVP0OWnXL.html</url>
<title>Sara Khan trolled for plastic surgery gone wrong, actor says she loves her lip job. See pics</title>
<body >TV actor Sara Khan has been under fire ever since she shared a new selfie, which presumably showed her after a lip surgery. The actor had shared the photo to announce a new music video starring her but her followers on social media could not look beyond the lip job. Something exciting for the (Sapna Babul ka) bidaai lovers as its my turn to return the love I got. Recreating bidaais Track for u all , dedicated to all the bride to be ,as this season I see a lot of marriages taking place  Super fun Track is on its way for u all with, the actor posted, leading to a slew of negative comments. View this post on Instagram           Something exciting for the (Sapna Babul ka) bidaai lovers as its my turn to return the love I got. Recreating bidaais Track for u all , dedicated to all the bride to be ,as this season I see a lot of marriages taking place  Super fun Track is on its way for u all with @altaafsayyedofficial  #bidaai #sarakhan #sadhna #sapnababulka #starplus #recreation #nothingwentwrong #lol  A post shared by  sara Khan (@ssarakhan) on Jan 9, 2019 at 9:57am PST Something exciting for the (Sapna Babul ka) bidaai lovers as its my turn to return the love I got. Recreating bidaais Track for u all , dedicated to all the bride to be ,as this season I see a lot of marriages taking place  Super fun Track is on its way for u all with @altaafsayyedofficial  #bidaai #sarakhan #sadhna #sapnababulka #starplus #recreation #nothingwentwrong #lol  A post shared by  sara Khan (@ssarakhan) on Jan 9, 2019 at 9:57am PST Now, in an interview to entertainment website Bollywoodlife, Sara has said that trolling doesnt affect her. Im loving it and laughing at it. The haters can go to any extent to get the attention and Im used to trolling, she is quoted as saying. Sara said that she has not exactly undergone a surgery, adding this is the first procedure of any kind that she has ever tried, Ive used lip fillers actually, it is not a lip surgery. So, the people who are saying its lip surgery, are wrong. Its a lip filler. She added that she is happy with the result. There is news coming up that my lip surgery has gone wrong. I just want to share that my lip surgery has got completely amazingly done. And I love it myself so much. Im loving it. </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 12, 2019 13:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/rashami-desai-says-she-is-fully-and-deeply-in-love-but-there-is-a-catch-see-pic/story-3uuJ4YwEZypTW3CP3BtRyH.html</url>
<title>Rashami Desai says she is fully and deeply in love but there is a catch. See pic</title>
<body >Popular television actor and Bigg Boss 13 finalist Rashami Desai got candid during an Ask Me Anything session with her fans recently. When she was asked if she was in love, she admitted that she was, but with herself. When an Instagram user asked Rashami about her relationship status, she replied with a gif saying party of one, implying that she was single. Another asked her if she was in love, to which she shared a quote which said, Love yourself fully, deeply, honestly, faithfully, gloriously. She also wrote, In love with myself all over again and again. Rashami was in a relationship with television actor Arhaan Khan but the couple broke up after their stint on Bigg Boss 13. It was during the reality show that she found out that he had been previously married and even has a child. There were also allegations that Arhaan misused Rashamis funds and stayed in her apartment with his family in her absence, without her knowledge. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya told him not to write controversial autobiography, says he thought he was being mahan In an earlier interview, Rashami said that she was shaken up when she found out about his divorce and child on Bigg Boss 13. I didnt expect him to hide such a big aspect of his life from me. It came as a shock; at one point, I contemplated leaving the show, as I wasnt able to handle it, she said. Rashami also claimed that one of the main reasons that she took up Bigg Boss 13 was to give Arhaans career a boost. On being asked if he used her and her popularity for fame, she said, I believe that he used me emotionally. I dont want to comment on other things at this moment. Earlier, Rashami was married to her Uttaran co-star Nandish Sandhu. After more than three years of being married, they got divorced in 2016. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 10:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/vishal-aditya-singh-i-came-from-bihar-so-i-faced-a-lot-of-rejections-because-of-my-diction-poor-english-and-being-desi/story-MOeyHRRE3JOLM90nzJ5VyI.html</url>
<title>Vishal Aditya Singh: I came from Bihar, so I faced a lot of rejections because of my diction, poor English and being desi</title>
<body >TV actor and former Bigg Boss 13 contestant Vishal Adiitya Singh has said he faced a lot of rejections during his initial days in film industry as he came from Bihar and had a poor diction. Before Bigg Boss , Vishal also appeared on dance reality show Nach Baliye. Vishal told Times of India in an interview, I have gone through a lot of struggle because when I started my journey I was clueless how to go about it. I think when you start enjoying and learning from this struggle period you will be able to survive in the industry for a longer period. As far as I am concerned, mere paas peeche mud ke jaane ka koi option tha nahi... I had seen a struggling life in my village also, so I was not taken aback because of that phase and was prepared for it. I knew that I will have to work hard. He further said that he learnt of his shortcomings after landing in Mumbai and focussed on doing the same. Also read:Kaun Banega Crorepati 12 registrations open tonight, Amitabh Bachchan says you cant put breaks on flight of dreams Further elaborating on the rejections he faced, Vishal added, I think rejections have made me perfect, I would say. I faced a lot of rejections in life right from my village to here in Mumbai. Whenever I got rejected I always told myself I dont have to listen to them and why are they even talking. I always took rejections and worked on it when they were for my betterment. It is also important who is rejecting you. Like if someone rejected me by saying that my diction was not right, I knew it was my problem and I will have to work on it because I am going to be a part of medium which requires me to speak clearly and fluently. I came from Bihar, so I faced a lot of rejections because of my diction, poor English and being desi and my attitude. But see, now I have managed to play a musician in Kulfi Kumar Bajewala, a prince in Chandrakanta and a psycho lover in Begusarai, had I not gone through those rejections, I would have not been able to play those roles. I got the opportunity and I proved my talent by grooming myself and working hard on myself. I am still working on it. Vishal was often at loggerheads with ex Madhurima Tuli inside the Bigg Boss 13 house where she entered after him. After being thrown out of the show for losing her cool and attacking Vishal with a frying pan, Madhurima had claimed in an interview that he hit her various times but she always forgave him. After his exit, Vishal had responded to the allegations and said, If that was true, she would have said it earlier. I have never done that. Maine life mein kabhi bhi unke upar haath nahi uthaya hai (I have never raised my hand on her). Our relationship ended because she was abusive and violent. If you look at her Bigg Boss journey, she has been aggressive and irritated towards everyone, especially when it came to work. There were many instances when I helped her, and she fought with me over it. Everyone has seen her true nature on TV, so what more can I say about it? he added. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 09, 2020 17:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/rashami-desai-opens-up-about-being-raised-by-a-single-mom-says-she-couldn-t-afford-to-pay-rs-350-for-dance-class/story-CdQxSj7UGKof0Tcuns7oJI.html</url>
<title>Rashami Desai opens up about being raised by a single mom, says she couldnt afford to pay Rs 350 for dance class</title>
<body >Television actor and Bigg Boss 13 finalist Rashami Desai opened up about being brought up by a single mother and the struggles she faced before she became famous in a recent interview. She said that though she loved dancing, her mother Rasila Desai could not afford the fee of Rs 350 for her dance class. Rashami said that her mother, who was a teacher in a government school, told the dance teacher that she was not in a position to pay the entire fee as she was a single mother but requested him to take her in the class. I started with bharatnatyam and I was shifted to Bollywood dance in the third year, the actor told Pinkvilla, adding that her instructor asked her to teach little kids when he was unavailable. Meanwhile, Rasila said that she changed her daughters name from Shivani to Divya to Rashami, because she was scared of her family and societys reaction to her taking up acting as a profession. Also see: Aishwarya Rai transforms into a Greek goddess, celestial nymph in this photo shoot done 15 years ago, see pics I was a single parent, I did not have a husband to support me. Also, in our caste, she was the first woman to enter this field. Our entire family was very educated and did not think of acting as a career. But, I supported her. I was scared of my family and society, so I changed her name. But my sister was there to support me throughout, she said. Rashami, who is known for shows such as Uttaran and Dil Se Dil Tak, was recently seen on the popular reality show Bigg Boss 13. Her relationship with then-boyfriend and actor Arhaan Khan became one of the talking points of the show, after it was revealed that he hid from her the fact that he was married earlier and has a child. They broke up after the show ended. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 19:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-decides-to-colour-his-hair-on-birthday-says-his-kids-uses-to-call-him-buddha-check-out-his-new-look/story-onQoV0n00o8Paz2I28BkdP.html</url>
<title>Karan Johar decides to colour his hair on birthday, says his kids would call him buddha. Check out his new look</title>
<body >Karan Johar ditched his grey mane on his birthday, and opted for a more youthful look. The filmmaker said he decided to colour his hair when his children asked him why he was looking old. Karan turned 48 on May 25. He revealed his new look on Instagram with a video. Grey hair can elicit multiple reactions. I can personally relate to it as I got all kinds of comments from uber cool to hello uncle, Karan said. When my kids asked why I was looking old, I decided to try and colour my hair at home, he added. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 25, 2020 at 7:01am PDT A post shared by Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 25, 2020 at 7:01am PDT Ever since the lockdown started, K.Jo was seen flaunting grey hair on social media. Last month, he opened about his new look. In a video conversation with actor Varun Dhawan, Karan was seen sporting grey hair. He said: I am debuting with this look of mine with silver hair on your Insta chat and on your birthday.Varun complimented Karan for his hair and said: You look like a Bond villain. Varun asked the director why didnt he colour his hair, he replied: Anyway my kids (Yash and Roohi) are calling me buddha, so I thought let me just flaunt my greys a bit. View this post on Instagram           I know my acting stint was scarier than the current virus but there is no harm in hoping for a second chance! So to all enterprising casting directors ,to all risk taking filmmakers , to critics with a high threshold of pain and to easy to please audiences I have an announcement to make!!!! I AM AVAILABLE FOR FATHER ROLES! ( at 48 with a poor track record I promise i cant afford to be choosy) A post shared by  Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 5, 2020 at 8:02am PDT I know my acting stint was scarier than the current virus but there is no harm in hoping for a second chance! So to all enterprising casting directors ,to all risk taking filmmakers , to critics with a high threshold of pain and to easy to please audiences I have an announcement to make!!!! I AM AVAILABLE FOR FATHER ROLES! ( at 48 with a poor track record I promise i cant afford to be choosy) A post shared by  Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 5, 2020 at 8:02am PDT On another instance, he shared a selfie in that look, and wrote: I know my acting stint was scarier than the current virus but there is no harm in hoping for a second chance! So to all enterprising casting directors, to all risk taking filmmakers , to critics with a high threshold of pain and to easy to please audiences I have an announcement to make!!!! I AM AVAILABLE FOR FATHER ROLES! ( at 48 with a poor track record I promise i cant afford to be choosy). Also read: Eid 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Sara Ali Khan wish Eid mubarak, Sonam Kapoor says Thank you for praying for us Now, he has got a new look, and he posted a caption along with the video. He wrote: Hi guys!!! So its been 20 days and I still havent got any offer for the FATHER ROLES! Clearly, my grey hair look wasnt as cool as I thought. Even my kids have started calling me buddhha. So, what better day than my birthday to be my sexy self again and to surprise all of you with my (not so) new look! Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 20:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/vir-das-neighbour-sneezes-on-him-during-altercation-asks-his-dead-parents-to-haunt-actor-watch-video/story-cJsk5EbtWMpymyiOgfoLPJ.html</url>
<title>Vir Das neighbour sneezes on him during altercation, asks his dead parents to haunt actor. Watch video</title>
<body >Actor and comedian Vir Das has shared a video of an altercation he had with a neighbour, in which the neighbour appears to sneeze at him. In the video, 73-year-old man attempts to physically assault the comedian, for not wearing a mask while standing outside his house. Sharing the video on social media, Vir wrote, Lockdown neighbour. I was giving my friend Kavi who lives three houses down from me, some dinner. We were waiting for it to get cooked 15 feet away from each other. Me on my doorstep, him out. This happened. Lockdown Neighbour. I was giving my friend Kavi who lives three houses down from me some dinner. We were waiting for it to get cooked 15 feet away from each-other. Me on my doorstep, him out. This happened.  pic.twitter.com/YKgErSxqBC Vir Das (@thevirdas) May 24, 2020 Lockdown Neighbour. I was giving my friend Kavi who lives three houses down from me some dinner. We were waiting for it to get cooked 15 feet away from each-other. Me on my doorstep, him out. This happened.  pic.twitter.com/YKgErSxqBC We weren't having dinner. Just FYI. We made a parcel for kavi to take home. Was waiting for it and having a smoke fifteen feet away from eachother on a chair we pre set for him. I'm not sure why I'm continuing to explain why a dude sneezed at me...but anyway  Done. Vir Das (@thevirdas) May 25, 2020 We weren't having dinner. Just FYI. We made a parcel for kavi to take home. Was waiting for it and having a smoke fifteen feet away from eachother on a chair we pre set for him. I'm not sure why I'm continuing to explain why a dude sneezed at me...but anyway  Done. Vir followed it up with a detailed account of what transpired. This is one crazy evening. I live on the ground floor. Weve got a little sit out. At 10 pm a neighbour came by because we had cooked dinner for them too. We do that with them and also some of the others within the complex. We gave him a chair fifteen feet away, fully socially distanced. My neighbour had a can of coke from his house, a mask on, which he had pulled down to have a smoke. I was on the outdoor sit-out area of my house, neighbour was in the complex, fully socially distanced. Five minutes later, this happens. He continued, This man is not my landlord, he lives on the first floor of the annexe building. He is upset because my landlord inherited the house I live in and he didnt. This man does not own my doorstep, my sit-out or my house. I am not sure if an old man threatening to assault me, or sneezing on me, or asking his dead parents to haunt me qualifies as harassment. But this is a little ridiculous. And before this turns into him going to the media, as he has done before, and Ive sat through it quietly, Im not normally one for drama, Im sorry this crossed the line. Hows your lockdown going? Also read: Hasmukh review: Vir Das kills a promising idea with a mediocre show The comedian wrote that he was making the incident public before the neighbour could go the media, as hed done previously, because this time hed crossed the line. Vir continued, To be clear. Uncle has previously gone to tabloids to get articles written about me and my family. I let it go quietly multiple times before. I have posted this here because at least then the truth is out there before seedy articles. Tonight crossed the line. Hope you understand. Several of the actors friends from the industry supported him. Kubbra Sait wrote, Vir kudos to you for staying so calm and composed. Phew! Hope the dinner was worth it... waise khaane mein tha kya? Take care Shivani and Vir. Sayani Gupta wrote, This is pure harassment. Also scary cause he seems a little crazy to be cursing you with haunting threats. Please be safe Vir  Shivani. Actor Shruti Seth wrote, Vir please be careful. Get a restraining order against this lunatic. Glad you stayed calm but dont allow people like him to bulldoze you. Stay safe! Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 13:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/step-inside-kangana-ranaut-s-elegant-office-cum-studio-in-mumbai-s-plush-pali-hill-watch-video/story-DsMbVJ9bilnWCdzsGmj53H.html</url>
<title>Step inside Kangana Ranauts elegant office-cum-studio in Mumbais plush Pali Hill. Watch video</title>
<body >Kangana Ranaut is spending her time at her lavish bungalow in Manali and has now given us a glimpse inside her new office space-cum-studio at Pali Hill in Mumbai. The actor had launched her production house Manikarnika films in January this year and had also inaugurated her new office. Heres more about her luxurious office built at a prime location . IN a feature for Elle Decor magazine, the actor has revealed how she dreamt of a Zen-like space that felt like it belonged to the 1920s era with a lot of hand-done, stitched fabrics  and silk as part of the interiors. She says, Lately, for the past three-four years, I have been very, very aware of the ecological footprints that I leave behind. The office is going to be plastic free, you can see the greenery is such an important part of the entire structure. The Latest issue of @Elledecor. Behind the scenes with #KanganaRanaut.See how the Bollywood Queen's crisp brief to #ShabnamGupta of #TheOrangeLane led to the making of this dreamy workplace of #ManikarnikaFilms. (1/2)#bts #coverstory #ElleDecor #WorkSpace pic.twitter.com/R2K4uXad3L Team Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) May 25, 2020 The Latest issue of @Elledecor. Behind the scenes with #KanganaRanaut.See how the Bollywood Queen's crisp brief to #ShabnamGupta of #TheOrangeLane led to the making of this dreamy workplace of #ManikarnikaFilms. (1/2)#bts #coverstory #ElleDecor #WorkSpace pic.twitter.com/R2K4uXad3L View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Kangana Ranaut (@team_kanganaranaut) on May 25, 2020 at 9:56pm PDT A post shared by Kangana Ranaut (@team_kanganaranaut) on May 25, 2020 at 9:56pm PDT The multi-storey building was reportedly purchased by Kangana a few years ago; it has an additional 565 sq ft parking space. The office has been designed by interior designer Shabnam Gupta who revealed one can look at the greenery from every window. She added that the building has been modified to bring in more light and keep it airy. Kanganas sister Rangoli Chandel had shared a few pictures of the new office on Twitter before her account was suspended last month. Shed written, She saw this dream 10 years ago and today we also saw it, if people can achieve everything with honesty and truth why do people do choti moti bundlebaazi and act so dishonest. Also read: Metro Park-Quarantine Edition review: Ranvir Shorey, Omi Vaidyas hilarious take on life during a pandemic The actors production house is named after Kanganas 2019 film Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi. She was last seen in Ashwiny Iyer Tiwaris Panga this year but the film failed to perform at the box office. She was earlier seen in Judgementall Hai Kya opposite Rajkummar Rao, which too didnt turn out to be a success despite positive reviews. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kajol-anushka-sharma-wish-karan-johar-on-48th-birthday-kareena-kapoor-says-we-were-so-sexy-then-and-now-even-more/story-dBshXkiptyQNpuuaMIhTgP.html</url>
<title>Kajol, Anushka Sharma wish Karan Johar on 48th birthday; Kareena Kapoor says we were so sexy then and now even more</title>
<body >Karan Johar is celebrating his 48th birthday today and was showered with wishes from his industry friends who took to social media to wish him on the occasion. Kareena Kapoor, Anushka Sharma to Sonam Kapoor and Kajol penned short notes and shared throwback pictures with Karan on Instagram. Sonam was among the first ones to wish the filmmaker. She shared two pictures, one from an event and another from her mehendi ceremony, both of which show Karan kissing her. Happy happy birthday darling @karanjohar my fellow Gemini , who is as fashion obsessed and has film running through his blood like me. Cant wait to celebrate you and give you a big kiss and hug. Love you! she wrote. Kareena shared an old throwback picture of herself and Karan sharing a hearty laugh at a party. Gosh we were so sexy then and now even more... To Forever, my friend... Happy birthday, she wrote. Anushka Sharma, who had featured in Karans last directorial Ae Dil Hai Mushkil, wrote, Happy happyyyy happiest to you and your pout. Hope you both enjoy each others company in good health, love and happiness always. Karans best friend Kajol also wished him with a beautiful picture. Happy birthday @karanjohar. Wishing u a hugely virtually populated birthday. Since unpopulated is the trend currently. Malaika Arora shared a few pictures with him and their other friends including Kareena on her Instagram stories. She wrote, My darling darling kjo @karanjohar Miss u and love u loads Toodlesssss. Also read: Happy birthday Karan Johar: Did you know he made his acting debut with a Doordarshan show? Watch video Ananya Panday, who made her debut with Karans production Student of the Year 2 last year shared a happy picture of them twinning in black. She wrote, Happy birthday To the best of the best @karanjohar. Love you loads. Karan is currently spending his time amid lockdown with mother Hiroo Johar and three-year-old children, Roohi and Yash. He is also gearing up for his next directorial, Takht. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 12:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-says-his-best-birthday-present-came-from-manish-malhotra-made-my-day-year-and-many-years-ahead/story-EHdEobKXYQTtj4454LThWN.html</url>
<title>Karan Johar says his best birthday present came from Manish Malhotra: Made my day, year and many years ahead</title>
<body >That filmmaker and producer Karan Johar is a social butterfly and loves a good party is common knowledge. He could not celebrate his birthday with his closest friends due to the lockdown, so fashion designer Manish Malhotra brought them to him. Well, virtually. In a new Instagram post, Karan revealed that Manish put together a special video, with messages from all his closest friends and family. Calling it the best present ever, he wrote, I turned 48 yesterday and was overwhelmed with all the love and wishes that were showered on me..I feel so blessed to have such wonderful friendships around me that are beyond family to me and mine today ....yesterday my dearest and closest friend @manishmalhotra05 made a video for me with messages from my close friends and family...it was the best present I could have ever received. Karan added, He has been relentlessly following up with everyone for the past week and i was overwhelmed with emotion watching it....it made my day and my year and many years ahead as well....thank you Manish for this will cherish it all my life....I love you so much!!! Have known and been close to you for 28 years now!!!! Filmmaker Punit Malhotra also got a shout-out from Karan, for editing the hour-long video: Big thank you to my bacha @punitdmalhotra who helped execute and edit this video ( that was 1 hour 5 minutes long) i love you Punit and I can totally believe how Manish must have sat on your head! Both of you are in my heart forever! View this post on Instagram           I turned 48 yesterday and was overwhelmed with all the love and wishes that were showered on me..I feel so blessed to have such wonderful friendships around me that are beyond family to me and mine today ....yesterday my dearest and closest friend @manishmalhotra05 made a video for me with messages from my close friends and family...it was the best present I could have ever received ...he has been relentlessly following up with everyone for the past week and i was overwhelmed with emotion watching it....it made my day and my year and many years ahead as well....thank you Manish for this will cherish it all my life....I love you so much!!! Have known and been close to you for 28 years now!!!! Big thank you to my bacha @punitdmalhotra who helped execute and edit this video ( that was 1 hour 5 minutes long) i love you Punit and I can totally believe how Manish must have sat on your head  ! Both of you are in my heart forever!  A post shared by  Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 26, 2020 at 12:06am PDT I turned 48 yesterday and was overwhelmed with all the love and wishes that were showered on me..I feel so blessed to have such wonderful friendships around me that are beyond family to me and mine today ....yesterday my dearest and closest friend @manishmalhotra05 made a video for me with messages from my close friends and family...it was the best present I could have ever received ...he has been relentlessly following up with everyone for the past week and i was overwhelmed with emotion watching it....it made my day and my year and many years ahead as well....thank you Manish for this will cherish it all my life....I love you so much!!! Have known and been close to you for 28 years now!!!! Big thank you to my bacha @punitdmalhotra who helped execute and edit this video ( that was 1 hour 5 minutes long) i love you Punit and I can totally believe how Manish must have sat on your head  ! Both of you are in my heart forever!  A post shared by  Karan Johar (@karanjohar) on May 26, 2020 at 12:06am PDT Also see: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch Karan rang in his birthday with his mother Hiroo Johar, and children Yash and Roohi. He shared a video of the low-key celebration, in which he was seen cutting a cake in the shape of the letter K, as his family sang for him. Meanwhile, two members of Karans household staff have tested positive for the coronavirus. Sharing the news on social media, he reassured everyone that his family and the rest of the staff are all safe and display no symptoms. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/john-krasinski-explains-why-he-sold-hit-quarantine-series-some-good-news/story-O6Ac5DtBUK91ucrMCDKnWM.html</url>
<title>John Krasinski explains why he sold hit quarantine series Some Good News</title>
<body >Hollywood star John Krasinski had a virtual reunion with his The Office co-star Rainn Wilson to discuss his beloved quarantine YouTube series Some Good News. Appearing on Wilsons Instagram Live series Hey There, Human on SoulPancake, the actor revealed how he started the show. The show became very popular during its eight-episode run but Krasinski eventually decided to sell it to ViacomCBS. "Well it's funny, it was one of those things where I was only planning on doing eight of them during quarantine, because I have these other things that I'm going to be having to do very soon, like Jack Ryan and all this other stuff. More than that...writing, directing, and producing  all those things  with a couple of my friends was so much, the actor told Wilson. View this post on Instagram           #HeyThereHuman #SoulPancake #RainnWilson #JohnKrasinski #EelStew A post shared by  SoulPancake (@soulpancake) on May 26, 2020 at 12:51pm PDT #HeyThereHuman #SoulPancake #RainnWilson #JohnKrasinski #EelStew A post shared by  SoulPancake (@soulpancake) on May 26, 2020 at 12:51pm PDT "I knew it wouldn't be sustainable with my prior commitments," Krasinski said, adding that the only option he had was to either stop the show altogether or sell it to another team. "I would love to keep doing the show from my office forever. It just wasn't sustainable." The actor, however, assured fans that they had not seen the last of him on the show. "In eight weeks (the show) went from not existing to now being on one of these huge news networks. We have a lot of really fun stuff planned, and I can't wait to dig in. I'm going to be a part of it whenever I can, and I'm going to host a couple and bring on a different community of people. But we're really, really excited about it." Krasinski said hosting the show, where he connected with his former The Office stars such as Wilson and Steve Carell, was a life affirming experience for him.  "I've received the most amazingly kind notes about how much that show meant to everyone, but the truth is, it meant no more to anyone than me. That's probably the most emotionally fulfilled Ive ever felt in my entire life," he said. Also read: Kartik Aaryan brings us some good news during coronavirus times, gets inspired by John Krasinski For the A Quiet Place director-actor the idea for Some Good News was a way to get out of the quarantine isolation.   Just after he heard that the film's sequel was delayed, he decided to go ahead with the show. "I felt like I was part of a really, really special community of people who not only brought all the good news but all this interaction, and we had the most fantastic community of people like you and SoulPancake. That's how we feel about the Some Good News Community. It was so much fun to celebrate good things during this really weird time," Krasinski said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-unseen-photo-from-his-teenage-years-wins-the-internet-don-t-miss-his-moustache/story-c2qNSlsnjp2BUxzAfaujSL.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans unseen photo from his teenage years wins the internet, dont miss his moustache</title>
<body >It is a season of throwbacks even as work is at standstill in the Hindi film industry. A picture of actor ShahRukhKhan has surface online and it certainly deserves a look. It seems to be from his school days in St Columbas in Delhi. Shah Rukh is wearing a western-style three piece suit; however, his tie and white shirt is slightly loose, suggesting that it could be after a function. The other boys in the frame surround him and are in school uniforms. View this post on Instagram           Guess the superstar in this throwback picture  A post shared by  Instant Bollywood (@instantbollywood) on May 26, 2020 at 1:45am PDT Guess the superstar in this throwback picture  A post shared by  Instant Bollywood (@instantbollywood) on May 26, 2020 at 1:45am PDT Shah Rukh grew up in Delhi and did his schooling and college (Hansraj College, Delhi University) in the city, before moving to Mumbai to pursue a career in films. His debut film was Deewana though he had worked in some hit Doordarshan TV serials before that such as Fauji and Circus. He went on to redefine the romantic hero in Hindi films with hits like Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Dil Toh Paagal Hai, Yes Boss, Darr, Devdas, Kal Ho Na Ho, Veer-Zaara among many others. Through the coronavirus lockdown, the actor has been staying home and doing whatever he can to help in Indias fit against the pandemic. InApril this year, he has given his office space to the authorities for treatment of Covid-19 patients. His wife Gauri Khan, who is also an interior designer, had transformed his office into a 22 bed quarantine facility. Also read: Bhagyashree says a photographer once asked Salman Khan to catch and smooch her. His reply won her over Around the same time, ShahRukh had taken part in a Lady Gaga-curated virtual concert, One World: Together At Home, organised by the World Health Organization (WHO) and international advocacy organisation Global Citizen, in support healthcare workers who are battling it out against Covid-19. Shah Rukh had also provided 25,000 PPE kits to the frontline medical staff in Maharashtra. Apart from these, the actor with his business partners had contributed to the PM-CARES Fund through IPL franchise Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) and also made a donation to the Maharashtra CMs Relief Fund through his film banner Red Chillies Entertainment. (With agencies inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/anushka-sharma-on-how-she-bounced-back-from-zero-reveals-her-favourite-paatal-lok-scenes/story-Ibewg7mHxB9hVQxgg6JrYM.html</url>
<title>Anushka Sharma on how she bounced back from Zero, reveals her favourite Paatal Lok scenes</title>
<body >Actor Anushka Sharma has spoken about her massively successful Amazon Prime show, Paatal Lok, and how she has been navigating a two-year break from acting. Anushka wrote that she was heavily involved in the production of the series, which was released to unanimous acclaim on Amazon on May 15. In an interview to journalist Rajeev Masand, the actor was asked about what drew her to the project. She said, What stood out to me was the idea that how we as humans often fail humanity at large, how for our own personal gains  and power we can oppress people and somehow that is okay. View this post on Instagram           Har Lok mein #PaatalLok    @primevideoin @officialcsfilms @kans26 #SudipSharma @manojmittra @saurabhma @prositroy @avinasharun24fps @jaideepahlawat @NeerajKabi @gulpanag @swastikamukherjee13 @nowitsabhi A post shared by  S snu (@anushkasharma) on May 16, 2020 at 8:38am PDT Har Lok mein #PaatalLok    @primevideoin @officialcsfilms @kans26 #SudipSharma @manojmittra @saurabhma @prositroy @avinasharun24fps @jaideepahlawat @NeerajKabi @gulpanag @swastikamukherjee13 @nowitsabhi A post shared by  S snu (@anushkasharma) on May 16, 2020 at 8:38am PDT Calling creator Sudip Sharmas work on the show, genuinely unprecedented writing, Anushka, noting the highlights of the series, said, Sudip Sharma is one of the best writers in the country. He has the ability to say something so complex in such an economical way. Im always in love with Sudips writing. I love the performances. Theyve been unbelievable. Jaideep Ahlawat is an institution in himself. She did, however, add that films are her first love. She said, Films are like the test matches of cricket. About her involvement in the show, she said, Ive been involved right from the inception of the idea to the final product. We believe you have to give that creative freedom, and you have to empower them to express themselves. She singled out the scene in which Ahlawats Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary unleashes a barrage of Haryanvi abuses at a local goon, and wins the respect of his son, only to get a tight slap from his wife moments later, as one of her favourite scenes. Anushka, who last appeared on screen in the critically and commercially unsuccessful Zero, opposite Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif, said that she doesnt let the reception of a project affect her. Ive been working on not letting things affect me. Today Paatal Lok has done really well, but Im not thinking that my worth has increased. When Zero happened, I dont want to put myself through that, its extremely unhealthy... Ive always been someone whos very introspective, she said. Also read: Paatal Lok review: Anushka Sharmas show is Amazons black-hearted yet brave answer to Sacred Games Masand also asked her about the break she has taken, and Anushka said, Acting is my first love. There were things that I wanted to do and I am going to do, but I reached a place in my life where I dont want to sign films just to do something. You dont have to do films to be relevant, you have to do relevant films. For creative people to take breaks is extremely important. After Zero I genuinely wanted to take a break. Anushka will return as producer on Bulbul, which will release on Netflix next month. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/paatal-lok-bjp-mla-files-complaint-against-anushka-sharma-for-using-his-image-without-permission-calls-show-anti-national/story-Ki3HiNHaFveWzMFuKMsi4J.html</url>
<title>Paatal Lok: BJP MLA files complaint against Anushka Sharma for using his image without permission, calls show anti-national</title>
<body >A BJP MLA, Nandkishore Gurjar, has filed a complaint against producer Anushka Sharma, for using his picture without his permission in her recent Amazon Prime show, Paatal Lok. The picture, which has been morphed to include the shows fictional characters, also includes Gurjar. In addition to the unauthorised use of his likeness, Gurjar has also found problems with the shows content, and has called it anti-national. In his complaint, the MLA from Uttar Pradeshs Loni has said that Paatal Lok shows castes in Sanatan Dharma in a negative light, according to an India Today report. yeh kya galti kar gaye #pataallok waley.  pic.twitter.com/rCf8EzKoDx  (@Tweet2Chayan) May 23, 2020 yeh kya galti kar gaye #pataallok waley.  pic.twitter.com/rCf8EzKoDx In the picture, the fictional villain Bajpayee is seen inaugurating a highway, with Gurjar standing in the background. The original picture was tweeted by Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath in 2018.  Also read: Anushka Sharma on how she bounced back from Zero, reveals her favourite Paatal Lok scenes Gurjar reportedly complained that the show maligns the image of the BJP, tries to create a terror-free image of Pakistan, and asked for a case to be registered against Anushka under the National Security Act for instigating communal disharmony. Previously, several complaints have been filed against the makers of the show for perceived racist portrayal of people from the Northeast, by outfits such as the All Arunachal Pradesh Gorkha Youth Association, the Bharatiya Gorkha Yuva Parisangh and lawyer Viren Sri Gurung. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 12:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salim-khan-on-celebrating-eid-without-son-salman-khan-i-spoke-with-him-on-the-phone-and-we-exchanged-wishes/story-Q82yrTbF3BUVHQFIIdM2WN.html</url>
<title>Salim Khan on celebrating Eid without son Salman Khan: I spoke with him on the phone and we exchanged wishes</title>
<body >Eid is the most special time of the year for Salman Khan as he feasts with his family, greets his fans outside his Galaxy apartments residence and releases a new film on the occasion. However, this time the actor couldnt be home as he is isolating at his farmhouse in Panvel. Father Salim Khan, who is staying at their Bandra home during the lockdown, revealed that Eid this year was just a regular day for them and there were no special delicacies prepared to mark the festival. On being asked about how they were celebrating Eid in Salmans absence, Salim told The Times of India in an interview, He has been spending a lot of time there. I just spoke with him today on the phone and we exchanged wishes. We are always in touch with each other through our regular phone calls. On being asked if a special dish was being prepared to celebrate Eid, he said, Bilkul nahi, buss regular khaana hi bann raha hai (Not at all, only regular food is being made). View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Salman Khan (@beingsalmankhan) on May 25, 2020 at 9:10am PDT A post shared by Salman Khan (@beingsalmankhan) on May 25, 2020 at 9:10am PDT Salim has been going on his regular morning walks each day during lockdown and kept up with the routine on Eid as well. Meanwhile, Salman did keep his promise of delivering a new project on Eid. While he couldnt release his scheduled film Radhe Your Most Wanted Bhai due to the lockdown, he treated his fans with a new song. titled Bhai Bhai, on the special occasion. The Sultan star released the song on Eid and wrote in a tweet, Maine aap subb ke liye kuch banaya hai, dekh ke batana kaisa laga... Aap subb ko eid mubarakh ... #BhaiBhai. He further wrote: A special gift for all of you on this auspicious occasion of Eid. Listen to Bhai Bhai and spread the brotherhood. Eid Mubarak to everyone! Also read: Bhai Bhai: Salman Khan bats for Hindi-Muslim brotherhood in special Eid song. Watch Bhai Bhai celebrates the spirit of brotherhood and unity and has been shot with minimal crew and resources at Salmans farmhouse in Panvel. The three-minute-fifty-four second song communicates a significant message and evokes the right emotions of love and compassion in between people belonging to different religions. The song spreads the message of brotherhood and unity. This is the third song that Salman has released amid the lockdown, after Pyar Karona and Tere Bina and has been crooned by him. (With ANI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 09:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/virat-kohli-accepts-he-never-formally-proposed-to-anushka-sharma-says-when-you-love-freely/story-689T8jWcg9gaVYq6P8F8oN.html</url>
<title>Virat Kohli accepts he never formally proposed to Anushka Sharma, says when you love freely...</title>
<body >Cricketer Virat Kohli revealed in an Instagram live session with footballer Sunil Chhetri that he never formally proposed to wife, actor Anushka Sharma. Virat said that there were no doubts about them tying the knot, so a proposal never happened. Sunil posed questions to Virat based on anecdotes hed got from Anushka herself. He said, Mera yeh maanna hai ki agar jab aap life khul ke jeete ho aur pyaar karte ho toh koi special day na toh Valentines Day kuch hota hai (I believe that when you life to the fullest and love freely, days like Valentines Day are unimportant). Every day can be Valentines Day and special. And what Anushka said is completely true, we never felt like we needed to do that, we knew that we were going to marry each other, there were no doubts about it ever. So once we knew that everything is going smooth, we were super excited to start our life together. And organically things went on. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sunil Chhetri (@chetri_sunil11) on May 17, 2020 at 7:05am PDT A post shared by Sunil Chhetri (@chetri_sunil11) on May 17, 2020 at 7:05am PDT Virat also admitted that he was self-centred before he met Anushka, and that she made him value companionship. He said, I say that because when she came into my life, everything negative in me changed for good. I have always mentioned that before I met her I was very self centered. Very focused on what I like to do, what I need to do. Having my comfort zone was a big thing. Also read: Anushka Sharma calls Virat Kohli jhoota during Instagram live with Sunil Chhetri, cricketer fell asleep on her film sets He continued, When you meet a person that you love, you want to do things for the other person. You have to open up. And the constant conversations we always had was -- it is not always thinking about yourself, it is about companionship. And that is something she taught me when she came into my life. I was very self centered before that. My life completely changed because I started looking at her and what can I do for he. Anushka, who tied the knot with Virat in 2017, recently made her web debut as producer, with the positively received Amazon thriller Paatal Lok. The series stars Jaideep Ahlawat, Neeraj Kabi, Gul Panag and others. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 18, 2020 11:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/malaika-arora-crashes-arjun-kapoor-s-instagram-live-hilariously-trolls-him-for-boring-quarantine-routine/story-g5DKgeWOA2bA5GQSlR9EsL.html</url>
<title>Malaika Arora crashes Arjun Kapoors Instagram live, hilariously trolls him for boring quarantine routine</title>
<body >Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora never miss a chance to pull each others leg, and it was no different on Saturday evening. She crashed her boyfriends Instagram live and poked fun at his daily routine during the lockdown. With all shoots on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic, it has turned out to be a much-needed break from work for several actors. Arjun, in an interaction, shared what his days in quarantine are like. Arjun, who is self-isolating with his sister Anshula Kapoor, said that he wakes up around 9 and lazes around in bed for an hour before he gets out of the room. He then drinks coffee and catches up on the news. He revealed that he is into intermittent fasting during the lockdown and skips breakfast. Before lunch, he manages to squeeze in his workout. Post lunch, he watches some more television and checks notifications on his phone. This is followed by a walk on the terrace in the evening, dinner and some more television. RJMalishka remarked that his quarantine routine was very boring, when Malaika dropped a comment and sarcastically said that it sounded very interesting. Also read: Amitabh Bachchan has a crisis at home in Covid-19 times, says Breaking news, a bat just entered my home Arjun and Malaika have been in a relationship for a while now, and there has been a lot of speculation about their impending wedding. Recently, in an Instagram live, he addressed the marriage rumours and said, I will tell all of you all when I am getting married. There are no plans as of right now. He added, Abhi shaadi hogi bhi toh kaise, agar karni bhi hogi (Even if we wanted to, how will it be possible now)? Meanwhile, Arjun has been doing his bit for the ones badly affected by the coronavirus pandemic. Earlier this month, he went on a virtual dinner date with five bidders. The funds raised are being used to feed the families of 300 daily wage workers for a month. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 26, 2020 11:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/akshay-kumar-s-son-aarav-is-following-in-his-footsteps-twinkle-khanna-shares-proof-see-pic/story-2v2y5C9YYFTbcVvKrcJV9M.html</url>
<title>Akshay Kumars son Aarav is following in his footsteps, Twinkle Khanna shares proof. See pic</title>
<body >Twinkle Khanna is a proud mom and shared a glimpse of her teenage son Aaravs culinary skills. The actor turned writer posted a picture of a piece of cake made by him. Sharing the picture of the chocolate brownie cake on Instagram, Twinkle wrote, When I had a bun in the oven, I did not know I was going to push out a future baker. I produced him and seventeen years later he produced this Chocolate brownie cake with cherry compote. #ProudMomMoment. The post got some interesting reactions from her fans and friends. When a food writer commented to the post, in the genes, Twinkle clarified, Not from my side clearly. Enquiring if Akshay Kumar has tasted the cake, a fan wrote, Looks Very Yummy. .But I wonder. .Had Mr. Khiladi tasted it..? Coz hes so disciplined in everything. Another said Aaravs cooking skills come from Akshay who too is a good cook and wrote, Walking his dad footsteps and moms creativity. Twinkle recently remembered her late grandmother who used to treat them with kichda on Eid. She shared a picture of the dish in her remembrance on the festival. We rarely made biryani on Eid. Our treat was always Nanis delicious Kichda and decorated envelopes with our Eidi. This year, our hearts and our table have too many empty spaces without her to fill it all up. #eidmubarak. Meanwhile, Twinkle has been proudly flaunting her gardening skills. Earlier this month, she treated nature lovers with a picture of her perfectly organised and well-groomed garden. The actor took to Instagram to post the picture and also described how she is clumsy at all other chores like cooking. She wrote, I am inordinately clumsy and butterfingers could be my middle name but my thumb is a spectacular green. Cant cook, cant dance, cant even make small talk, but give me a tiny piece of land and I will give it so much love that it cant help but love me back. #BrownGirlWithAGreenThumb. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses The picture featured a nicely kept garden with greenery spilling from every corner. The central attraction of the green nest was the sitting area that had a wooden table with a big plant on it and chairs kept around the table. The garden had fresh flowers fallen from the trees all around on the ground adding to the perfect natural aesthetics. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/happy-46th-jennifer-lopez-thanks-for-giving-us-ageing-goals/story-S2EtAU9sZnlqvzX8nPTy1I.html</url>
<title>Happy 46th Jennifer Lopez! Thanks for giving us ageing goals</title>
<body > As unbelievable as it may seem, this is really how Jennifer Lopez looks at 46. The singer-actor-model-momma seems to have found a fountain of youth. A stellar bod, a flawless face she has it all. On her birthday, we reflect on how she has aged through the years. From the release of her first album in 1996 to this year's appearance at the Oscars, she was and is still a total babe. Check out the mystery beauty that is JLo: 199619971998199920002002200420062008 20112013 2015 1998 </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 24, 2015 11:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/asha-bhosle-neither-good-nor-bad-times-last-even-this-corona-will-go-away/story-If8mMjE3EuvQmgvKEbEnQJ.html</url>
<title>Asha Bhosle: Neither good, nor bad times last, even this corona will go away</title>
<body >We have it in us to surpass every hurdle if we face it with a smile, feels Asha Bhosle. So, while everyone is talking about precautions to be taken to stay healthy during these unprecedented Covid-19 times, the veteran singer is also focusing on the importance of inner peace. Talking about proper sanitisation and maintaining social distancing to stay safe from the virus, she says, Everyone is talking about it, and it is also very important. But these difficult times are also frustrating, so we need to enjoy smaller joys in life. Yeh khushi aapke andar hai, bahaar dhoondne ki zaroorat nahi hai. Chaahe ek niwaala kam bhi ho, chaahe kitne bhi kasht sahe rahe ho, aap khush phir bhi rahe sakte hain. The 86-year-old believes people need to adapt to the ways of the world. Neither good nor bad times last.Even this corona will go away. We go through so many difficult phases in our lives and come out of it. This time too, we will emerge winners. Bas haste raho, haasate raho aur ek dusre ki saath dete raho, she adds. View this post on Instagram            Happy to announce the launch of my YouTube Channel with the world wide release of - Main Hoon - on the occasion of Sri Sri Ravishankarjis 64th birthday on 13th May 2020 at 9 pm IST. I will soon be regularly posting videos here. Do subscribe  https://youtu.be/64Saxaaznms A post shared by  Asha Bhosle (@asha.bhosle) on May 12, 2020 at 9:12pm PDT  Happy to announce the launch of my YouTube Channel with the world wide release of - Main Hoon - on the occasion of Sri Sri Ravishankarjis 64th birthday on 13th May 2020 at 9 pm IST. I will soon be regularly posting videos here. Do subscribe  https://youtu.be/64Saxaaznms A post shared by  Asha Bhosle (@asha.bhosle) on May 12, 2020 at 9:12pm PDT Bhosle plans to talk about the significance of staying content via her recently launched YouTube channel. She will also be doing a series on her journey. My granddaughter Zanai has been telling me to start my own YouTube channel, but I never had time earlier. Apart from songs, I also want to talk about different things and hopefully people would connect with them. Since Ive been singing from the age of 10, I have many stories and memories to share. Of collaborating with [Mohammed] Rafi saab, Kishore Kumar, Pancham (R.D. Burman) -- how and when did we meet, kaunsa gaana gaane ke samay kya hua. How was it singing duets with didi (singer Lata Mangeshkar), kya kya karte thhe hum. I keep telling these stories, and Zanai suggested that I should share them with the world, says Bhosle, who recently released her first song Main Hoon on her online channel. View this post on Instagram           Releasing tomorrow at 9AM IST!  https://youtu.be/6f0Pg-BkY7s A post shared by  Asha Bhosle (@asha.bhosle) on May 16, 2020 at 7:15am PDT Releasing tomorrow at 9AM IST!  https://youtu.be/6f0Pg-BkY7s A post shared by  Asha Bhosle (@asha.bhosle) on May 16, 2020 at 7:15am PDT Work continues for the singer, who plans to join creative forces with new singers, songwriters and composers for her upcoming tracks. But the series, awareness videos and songs, will be done once she and her family go back to Mumbai in the next few days. She is currently in Lonavala, and she admits the video she shot for the song Jayatu Jayatu Bharatam as a part of Indian Singers Rights Associations initiative, at home, wasnt an easy task. Those were few lines, so I managed. But for other things we need proper camera set-up and that is there at my Mumbai residence, she adds. Happy quarantining with her family -- son Anand, daughter-in-law, Anuja, and grandchildren Zanai and Ranjai, Bhosle shares, My son takes care of our restaurants abroad, while my daughter-in-law manages the business here. So he is mostly travelling and she is mostly out. My grandchildren study abroad. We rarely meet each other properly, but now we are getting to know each other better, while chatting and eating our meals together. View this post on Instagram           With music directors Shankar Jaikishan and Raj Kapoor for "Mera Naam Joker" recording A post shared by  Asha Bhosle (@asha.bhosle) on May 10, 2020 at 11:39pm PDT With music directors Shankar Jaikishan and Raj Kapoor for "Mera Naam Joker" recording A post shared by  Asha Bhosle (@asha.bhosle) on May 10, 2020 at 11:39pm PDT They arealso bonding over cooking. Zanai is making international cuisines, and my forte is Indian. But they love eating food cooked by me (she jokes)... Zanai is a good singer, she writes and composes too. We both jam quite often, she concludes. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/navaldeep-singh-s-latest-track-is-a-song-of-lockdown-love-in-tune-with-hope/story-mJbwLWDfIzBXOPgi3ifujJ.html</url>
<title>Navaldeep Singhs latest track is a song of lockdown love in tune with hope</title>
<body >The Bohemian-Austrian poet Rainer Maria Rilke wrote, Let everything happen to you/ Beauty and terror/ Just keep going/ No feeling is final. Shedding its skin of mysticism, these words resonate with nearly millennial practicality on listening to poet-writer Navaldeep Singhs new composition, Raat Kaari. The mind replays the lines Toot kar jo na jurey/ Woh dil bhi kya dil hua, that roughly translates to A broken heart isnt quite a heart if it doesnt heal. Simultaneously, on-screen, an egg is cracked leaving the shell in two halves. Watch the video here: Navaldeep says that once the peripheral idea of the song was conceived, the first draft took him only fifteen minutes. It was that unprompted, he adds. Love during a lockdown is particularly difficult as it isnt anything young adults have fought previously. It, however, takes them back to times when courtship in letters made lovers feel buoyant. The song, which was released on Fluid, is a summary of how technology doesnt always aid communication. Asked how he decided on the title and he says, It is a metaphor for the curfew. Since morning marks the beginning of a usual day, Raat Kaari means one long limitless night, quite like the lockdown.          View this post on Instagram           Raat Kaari. Miliye Zayn aur Keya se. Inka confusion miscommunication aur pyaar aapko aapke daily routine main kahin na kahin toh mill hi jaayega  Directed by @navaldeepsingh_ (Link in my bio) . . . . . . . . . . . #comedy #funnyvideos #funnymemes #edits #love #couplegoals #contentcreator #follow #viral #vinesedits #funnyvines #travel #sun #music #guitar #peace #diverse #funnydogs #cats #dogs #pet #family #joke #music #hindi #songs #urdu #loveyourself #lockdown #qurantine #life A post shared by  Aaryan.M.Deshpande (@aaryandeshpande_) on May 21, 2020 at 10:42am PDT Raat Kaari. Miliye Zayn aur Keya se. Inka confusion miscommunication aur pyaar aapko aapke daily routine main kahin na kahin toh mill hi jaayega  Directed by @navaldeepsingh_ (Link in my bio) . . . . . . . . . . . #comedy #funnyvideos #funnymemes #edits #love #couplegoals #contentcreator #follow #viral #vinesedits #funnyvines #travel #sun #music #guitar #peace #diverse #funnydogs #cats #dogs #pet #family #joke #music #hindi #songs #urdu #loveyourself #lockdown #qurantine #life A post shared by  Aaryan.M.Deshpande (@aaryandeshpande_) on May 21, 2020 at 10:42am PDT He shares that shooting a music video from the bounds of our respective homes is challenging. The singer AB Madhav had to record after draping a blanket over his head and shoulders to cut out background noise... Blankets in May and in India! It got frustrating at times to coordinate over WhatsApp and Zoom and re-doing parts to achieve that exact emotion, he says. On the upside, Navaldeep says, there was no hurry of wrapping up the shoot in six hours. The actors or singer could take a days break and approach the project with a fresh mind later. According to the songwriter, actors Guneet Wahan (who plays Keya) and Aaryan Deshpande (who plays Zayn), this initiative of finding a telling digital escape brought artistes closer to their families. Navaldeep explains, You have to request someone to hold the camera at a certain angle, give them the brief and repeat the process until done to satisfaction. The process of learning to translate sentiments on visual media helps you bond as a family. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/music-composer-pritam-chakraborty-s-father-dies-after-prolonged-illness/story-sW2HFsQFsjpG11ZkFMa9uI.html</url>
<title>Music composer Pritam Chakrabortys father dies after prolonged illness</title>
<body >Music composer Pritam Chakrabortys father, Prabodh Chakraborty, has died after two-year battle with Parkinsons and Alzheimers diseases. The ace composers father had been in the hospital for the last three months and breathed his last on Sunday. He had been in hospital for last three months. Pritam, his sister and mother were there with him at the hospital.  He had been ill for almost 2 years and had been admitted in the hospital for three months. On Sunday, he ended the chapter of his life due to Parkinsons and Alzheimers disease, a source close to Pritam told PTI. His last rites were held on Sunday in Amboli. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-ms-dhoni-amitabh-bachchan-alia-bhatt-encourage-fans-to-wear-makes-with-unique-photoshoot/story-y1KGdbQaDjEVoUxSlCWARI.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan, MS Dhoni, Amitabh Bachchan, Alia Bhatt encourage fans to wear masks with unique photoshoot</title>
<body >Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan and a host of other Bollywood celebrities have joined celebrity photographer Avinash Gowariker as part of his Wear a mask its safer campaign amid coronavirus pandemic. The photographer has assembled throwback pictures of many celebs with their mouths covered for the campaign. Amitabh Bachchan shared a collage of their pictures on Instagram and captioned it, Wear the mask .. an initiative by @avigowariker .. ace photographer and dear friend. It shows Amitabh covering his mouth by pulling up his high-neck sweatshirt. Tiger Shroff is also seen striking a similar pose. Meanwhile, Alia Bhatt, Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan, Priyanka Chopra and South star Mahesh Babu are seen covering their mouths with their hands. Hrithik Roshan is seen hiding his mouth behind a clapperboard whereas cricketer MS Dhoni has his gloves to cover his mouth. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 24, 2020 at 3:36pm PDT A post shared by Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 24, 2020 at 3:36pm PDT Avinash shared the individual pictures on his Instagram page along with a disclaimer, WEAR A MASK.... ITS SAFER...PS: This is an image in a photo series Im doing, using stock pics from older photoshoots...#WearAMaskItsSafer !! #GoCorona #StaySafe. Amitabh has pledged monthly rations to support 1,00,000 households of daily wage workers, including spot boys and makeup artists, belonging to the All India Film Employees Confederation (AIFEC). He also did his bit to spread awareness and was part of a short film on social distancing called Family. The film was made in collaboration with stars from Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam cinema. Also read: Eid 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Sara Ali Khan wish Eid mubarak, Sonam Kapoor says Thank you for praying for us Many celebrities, from Shah Rukh and Salman to Chiranjeevi and Prabhas, have stepped forward to do their bit for migrants, daily wage workers and those from their own industry facing joblessness and near starvation in an unprecedented pan-India lockdown.Several other filmmakers and musicians are also making contributions of money, food and medical supplies and, in some cases, offering their properties for use as quarantine centres. They are being innovative too, raising money through online concerts and throwing in a virtual date. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/esha-gupta-on-being-called-gareebon-ki-angelina-jolie-yeah-but-you-re-calling-yourself-gareeb-there/story-CB24bhXP8Abq2OywxuiLON.html</url>
<title>Esha Gupta on being called gareebon ki Angelina Jolie: Yeah, but youre calling yourself gareeb there</title>
<body >Being compared to Angelina Jolie could make anyone happy but not when its said as a backhanded compliment. Esha Gupta often gets compared to the Hollywood star for her good looks but trolls sometimes get too rude about it. Esha gets comments on her Instagram posts, calling her gareebon ki Angelina Jolie. Now, she has revealed how she really looks at these comments. Speaking to Bollywood Life, Esha said, Shes (Angelina) one of the hottest women. You know what annoys me, wellnot anymore, but what used to annoy me was when people would be nasty earlier, and would love to trollnow theyve become less bitter. However, people would call me, Ohgareebon ki Angelina Jolie (the poor mans Angelina Jolie). And, I used to say, Yeah, but youre calling yourself gareeb (poor) there. Im not saying that, I did not ask to look like this, its my parents production and I look like this. However, Esha does agree that she sometimes does look like Angelina. Yeah, I do, but, Ill be honest, I still dont see it (the analogy with Jolies visage). Well, I may have seen it a couple of times, when people do that collage with two posters. So, at that time, the pictures they actually picked up, even I was like, Okay maybe. Also, for me, Ive always felt that I look like my mother. But, when people say it, and like I said, when they put the pictures together, then Im like, Yeah, maybe, she said. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 21, 2020 at 6:52am PDT A post shared by Esha Gupta (@egupta) on May 21, 2020 at 6:52am PDT Esha currently plays the female protagonist in the new season of the web series REJCTX. She says though she watched the first season of the show, she did not know that Goldie Behl had directed it, until she went to meet the maker. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids When I watched the first season of the show, I was watching like an audience and it was an engaging, interesting show. I did not try to find out who the director was. It seemed a fun show about a bunch of college kid, their world, their equation with the professor and so on. When Goldie called me for the part in the second season, I confessed to him, sorry Goldie, I did not know you made the show! Esha told IANS. In the show, she portrays the character of an investigating officer assigned to resolve the murder mystery of Professor Anushka Rao. The show also features Sumeet Vyas, Anisha Victor, Ahmed Masi Wali, Ridhi Khakhar, Pooja Shetty, Saadhika Syal, and Ayush Khurrana among others. REJCTX streams on ZEE5. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 21:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-daughter-suhana-says-she-ll-be-30-in-ten-years-shares-birthday-note-from-abram-see-pics/story-EEviks5dxmwjCPZfTgh5EP.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana says shell be 30 in ten years, shares birthday note from AbRam. See pics</title>
<body >Actor Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana Khan celebrated her 20th birthday on Friday with an at-home photoshoot. She shared pictures and videos from the same on her Instagram page on Saturday. The photos show her posing at the terrace of their Mumbai home, Mannat. Suhana pondered over how she will be 30 in just ten years. Im gonna be 30 in ten years, she wrote. She also shared a note by her kid brother AbRam. Your the best sister in the world, AbRam wrote for his big sister. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on May 23, 2020 at 3:44am PDT A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on May 23, 2020 at 3:44am PDT Suhana appears to have restricted commenting access only to a few people. Ananya Panday was surprised to notice she was included on the list. Hey I can comment, she wrote. Fashion designer Vikram Phadnis wrote, 40 in 20, 50 in 30. Ananya had also extended birthday greetings to Suhana with their childhood throwback pictures on Friday. Taking to her Instagram stories, Panday posted two of their childhood pictures in which the star kids are seen playing and having a fun time. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids One of the pictures featured Suhana and Ananya sitting on the bed with another kid. As Ananya is seen posing for the camera in the picture, Suhana is seen gazing at her with a bright smile on her face. @suhanakhan2 has always been in love w me, the Pati Patni Aur Woh actor wrote about the picture. In the other picture, little Ananya is seen carrying Suhana on her back. Always got your back, Panday wrote along with the picture. Earlier, Ananya made sure to wish her childhood friend by posting a recent picture with her on Instagram. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 17:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karisma-kapoor-shares-pic-of-taimur-watching-cousin-kiaan-practise-taekwondo-brothers-in-lockdown/story-CNoaJdf90rCMTpfBCeQJqJ.html</url>
<title>Karisma Kapoor shares pic of Taimur watching cousin Kiaan at taekwondo lesson: Brothers in lockdown</title>
<body >Actor Karisma Kapoor has shared a cute picture of her nephew, Kareena Kapoors son Taimur. The little one is seen earnestly watching his cousin, Karismas son Kiaan at the latters taekwondo class through a video call. Brothers in lockdown. Tim watching Kiaan during his taekwondo class New normal ! #purelove #myjaans #family @kareenakapoorkhan, Karisma captioned her post. Taimur is seen with his chin resting on his hands and his hair longer than before. View this post on Instagram           Brothers in lockdown  Tim watching Kiaan during his taekwondo class New normal ! #purelove #myjaans #family @kareenakapoorkhan A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on May 23, 2020 at 4:59am PDT Brothers in lockdown  Tim watching Kiaan during his taekwondo class New normal ! #purelove #myjaans #family @kareenakapoorkhan A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on May 23, 2020 at 4:59am PDT Karismas followers loved seeing Taimurs picture. So cute and adorable, wrote one. So cute MashaAllah, read another comment. Taimur is currently in lockdown at his home with mum Kareena and dad Saif Ali Khan. When he is not crashing his dads  television interviews, Taimur spends his days creating art with his parents. Kareena recently shared a photo of Saif holding up the familys latest artwork. It was a large sheet bearing colourful stamps of their hands. Along with the picture, Kareena wrote, Quarantine 2020 imprinted for life...SAK, KKK and TAK... spreading hope and faith [?] #QuaranTimDiaries #InhousePicasso. Kareena has been updating her fans on her quarantine activities by posting pictures and videos on Instagram. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids On Mothers Day, Kareena shared an adorable picture with Taimur on Instagram. In the picture, she was seen making a goofy face, sticking her tongue out. Taimur was seen imitating his mom as he tried to make horns by pointing his hands over his head. This pretty much sums up mothers day and well... every other day with Tim, she captioned her post and added the hashtag #HappyMothersDay. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 18:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/mahabharat-juhi-chawla-bowed-out-as-draupadi-puneet-issar-was-looking-for-work-after-coolie-accident/story-7E0gvkGOeJdfE4LAoVwadO.html</url>
<title>Mahabharat: Juhi Chawla bowed out as Draupadi, Puneet Issar was looking for work after Coolie accident</title>
<body >Mahabharat is back on screen after three decades but the stories about the making of the show continue to amuse the viewers even today. Casting for the show was a mammoth task with each character having a significant part in the story. Gufi Paintal, who himself played Shakuni in Mahabharat, took command of auditioning around 5000 artists for the show in order to find the perfect fit for the pivotal roles. Sharing about his experience of being the casting director on the show, he had told Hindustan Times in an interview, It was a tedious job. We conducted the most extensive auditions in the history of TV back then. Talking about how he happened to cast Puneet Issar and Nitish Bharadwaj for the roles of Duryodhan and Krishna respectively, Gufi had said, Puneet had accidentally punched Amitabh Bachchan in Coolie (1983), and was out of work. Nitish was spotted in an ad made by the Chopras. Puneet Issar as Duryodhan Puneet was eager to play the role of lead antagonist Duryodhan but was considered for the role of Bheem due to his height. He told RJ Anmol in a recent chat, I recited the Jayadrath Vadh in front of Chopra saab, Pandit Narendra Sharma and Dr Rahi Mazoom Raza and they were convinced with my powerful speech and finally decided to cast me as Duryodhan. Mukesh Khanna as Bhishma Meanwhile, Mukesh Khanna had auditioned for the role of Duryodhan. He said, I was against playing a villain after playing a protagonist in 15 films. I wanted the role of Arjun or Karna which were already taken up by others. But Vijayendra Ghatge was already roped in for the role of Bhishma. Mukesh Khanna recalled, Maybe he wasnt sure about playing the role of an old man which required whitening of hair and a beard. I was called in for the role at the last minute, my beard was made and clothes were stitched in a jiffy and rest is history. Govinda, Chunky Panday, Juhi Chawla chose films over Mahabharat There were many Bollywood actors who were considered for various roles in Mahabharat but they ended up choosing films over television. Govinda and Chunky Panday were signed for the role of Abhimanyu, said no to the role in order to work in films. He had revealed short listing six actors for the role of Draupadi, including Juhi Chawla. Confirming that it was Rupas command over the Hindi language that made her bag the role, Gufi had said, Ramya Krishnan and Roopa were the final names, and we chose Roopa as her Hindi was good. Also read: Lisa Ray trains one-year-old twins to wear masks, practise social distancing in Singapore. See pics Juhi Chawla was also offered the role of Draupadi but the actor soon bagged the role of the female lead opposite Aamir Khan in the 1988 film Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak. While she chose to give preference to the silver screen. QWQT was her second Bollywood film and her first lead role in a Hindi film. Arjun Firoz Khan, who played the role of Arjun, was initially rejected during the auditions. He recently said in an interview that he posed alongside Juhi for the photoshoot of the show. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 21, 2020 14:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/sebi-plans-to-implement-governance-structure-to-ensure-ongoing-compliance/story-eshihdAGgk7jhA3Kso4WXI.html</url>
<title>Sebi plans to implement governance structure to ensure ongoing compliance</title>
<body >Markets regulator Sebi is looking to prepare and implement a governance structure, which is custom-made to suit to the needs of business, and advising its staff of their obligations to ensure ongoing compliance. The regulator plans to prepare policy documents, standard operating procedures (SOPs) and other IT documents through consultations as Sebi has certain policy documents in place which might require variations as per the best industry standards and practices. Accordingly, the markets watchdog has invited expressions of interest (EoI) from agencies for consultation for information technology (IT) policy preparation, risk assessment and SOP documentation at Sebi. Sebi expects to prepare and implement a suitable governance structure i.e. comprehensive policy and procedure documents that are custom-made to suit to the needs of the business and advising staff of their obligations to ensure ongoing compliance, the markets regulator said in a notice. Sebi is of the view that a well-written organisation-level IT policies, procedures and manuals reduce operating costs and improve performance by enhancing consistency and establishing clear criteria for computer, network, hardware, software, information security, and IT vendor management. It, further, said establishing a consistent IT SOP best practices and operational methods are an important component in safeguarding information systems, IT assets as well as IT investments. The agency is required to form in-depth risk assessment for IT infrastructure deployment. The risk assessment needs to include identification of foreseeable threats, assessment of the likelihood and potential damage of these threats, and the sufficiency of controls to mitigate risks. The agency needs to conduct risk assessment of IT infrastructure deployment at Sebi annually, calculate risk score accordingly, review controls and its impact on policies and SOPs and changes required in the reviewed policies and SOPs. After completion of risk assessment, the agency is expected to review all the existing policies and SOPs. Spelling out the eligibility criteria, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said bidder should be fit and proper and not be a blacklisted one and need to submit bidding documents till March this year. </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 15, 2020 16:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/the-next-big-wave-of-tech-unicorn-listings-could-come-from-india/story-kfawFxV2BIcAvlienRjq8L.html</url>
<title>The next big wave of tech unicorn listings could come from India</title>
<body >India's stock markets are set for a wave of unicorn listings, according to technology venture capitalist and former Infosys official Mohandas Pai. Pai, who is also chairman of Securities and Exchange Board of India committees on primary markets and financial technology, said 10 to 15 internet and tech companies are looking to list in India over the next three years. These firms are likely to be valued at $300 million to $10 billion, he said in an interview. One of the companies is Byju, creator of an education app, in which Pai's Aarin Capital Partners owns a stake. Others he expects to list in local markets in the next few years include food delivery platforms Swiggy and Zomato, as well as PhonePe and Myntra, which are both units of Walmart-controlled Flipkart. "There is appetite for IPOs," from companies as well as investors, the former Infosys chief financial officer said. "The market is hungry for fast growth IT stocks." Byju, Swiggy, Zomato, PhonePe, Myntra did not immediately respond to Bloomberg queries on their plans. Headlines on the swelling valuations for India's homegrown tech firms have been increasing in number over the past couple of years: Pai pointed toward interest from both global and local investors that drove the nation's equity indexes to record highs last month. The strong performance of internet-related stocks including Indian Railway Catering  Tourism Corp. and Info Edge India Ltd. this year has also helped, he said. The former gained about 170% since its listing in October and the latter advanced over 30 times since its IPO in 2006. Foreign investors have pumped about $13 billion into Indian stocks this year, set for their biggest annual inflow since Prime Minister Narendra Modi was elected in 2014, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Domestic investment in stocks has also increased in recent years as investors have embraced mutual funds amid a lack of confidence in other assets. Pai said that liquidity and valuations shouldn't be concerns for companies seeking to list, as the market is "flush with money" and India investors have shown a willingness to pay up for growth stocks.  </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/infosys-says-us-market-regulator-probing-unethical-practices-complaint/story-4RndK6NIoVbxRAKxWPxYMO.html</url>
<title>Infosys says US market regulator probing unethical practices complaint</title>
<body >Infosys Ltd on Thursday said the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has launched a probe into whistleblower claims that the Indian software services firm used unethical practices to boost revenue and profit. The company said Indias market regulator, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, has also asked it to submit information concerning the complaints. Infosys, Indias second-biggest IT services firm by revenue after Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, on Tuesday said it was investigating claims including that Chief Executive Officer Salil Parekh bypassed reviews and approvals for large deals fearing the negative impact of reduced profit on Infosys share price. It also disclosed claims that Chief Financial Officer Nilanjan Roy prevented employees from highlighting issues around large deals in presentations to the board. Parekh and Roy declined to comment when contacted through Infosys. Infosys on Thursday also said a securities class action lawsuit has been filed against it in a US federal court based on the complaints, and that it intends to defend itself vigorously. Infosys shares, which have lost over 15% of their value since the firm disclosed the claims, were largely unchanged in early trade on Thursday. </body>
<date >Updated: Oct 24, 2019 10:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/debt-mfs-failure-to-side-pocket-creates-rs-4-800-cr-opportunity-for-speculators/story-UZn1hS95zNM3Xvhl5T9EIK.html</url>
<title>Debt MFs failure to side-pocket creates Rs 4,800 cr opportunity for speculators</title>
<body >Last week, Indias mutual fund industry witnessed an extraordinary U-turn. Sundaram Asset Management Co., which had announced the creation of segregated portfolios (through side-pocketing) in its schemes exposed to the securities of the beleaguered DHFL group of companies on 16 August, reversed its decision five days later on 21 August. Four schemes of Sundaram MFSundaram Low Duration, Sundaram Short Term Debt, Sundaram Short Term Credit Risk and Sundaram Debt Hybridwere exposed to DHFL securities. On 16 August, the asset management company (AMC) wrote off its entire exposure to the stressed securities. The U-turn exposes a broader problem in the industry that has been hit hard by debt defaults. AMCs have shied from creating side-pockets and that gives a window to speculators to enter open-ended funds that have written off exposure to troubled debt and benefit from windfall gains when recoveries are made. These gains come at the cost of the original investors in the fund. Collectively, mutual funds had an exposure of Rs 5,336 crore to DHFL on 30 April, according to data from Value Research. Out of this, around Rs 550 crore was in closed-end funds, which speculators cant enter. Some open-ended funds have closed fresh inflows and, hence, speculators cant enter them either. But many others have only hiked exit loads, which is not the perfect deterrent, and some other funds have done nothing at all. DHFL defaulted on 4 June, and Sundaram MF was supposed to create a side-pocket on the same day as the default, according to a plain reading of the Securities and Exchange Board of Indias (Sebi) rules. However, Sundaram MF first announced its intention to side-pocket on 31 July by amending its scheme information documents (SIDs). It then went ahead with specific side-pocketing proposals for its DHFL-hit schemes on 16 August, which it subsequently withdrew on 21 August. Talking about the same-day rule, a person with knowledge of the matter said that a subsequent event of default cannot be sufficient condition to side-pocket. For example, some AMCs did not hold the debt in default on 4 June but instead faced defaults on their paper subsequently. However, this does not make them eligible for side-pocketing on the dates on which they faced default on their paper. This inflexibility in Sebis circular has accentuated the problem faced by an industry that failed to react in time, the person said, requesting anonymity. Meanwhile, Sundaram MFs exposure of Rs 52.21 crore to DHFL may be small in absolute terms but is large as a percentage of assets and that has showed up in the returns of the affected schemes. Sundaram Low Duration, Sundaram Short Term Debt, Sundaram Short Term Credit Risk and Sundaram Debt Hybrid gave one-week returns of -4.08%,- 4.84%,-5.52% and -2.34%, respectively, as of 21 August, according to data from Value Research. Response to side-pocketing Sebi came up with the side-pocketing solution in December 2018. It involves the creation of a separate portfolio in lieu of troubled debt. Only existing investors in the concerned scheme are allotted units in this segregated portfolio. When there is recovery in debt, the investors holding the side-pocketed units get their money. Read more here. It is unclear why mutual funds havent resorted to side-pocketing. An industry professional, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that the same-day rule for side-pocketing leaves fund houses little time to deliberate the decision. Two executives from two different fund houses, which have taken smaller hits or have not yet been affected, said on the condition of anonymity that there was no need for side-pocketing. One of them said one of the reasons why the fund houses were not side-pocketing was that changes in SIDs involve sending emails and letters to investors and giving them an exit load-free window. This may alarm investors, the person added. Some AMCs such as Tata Mutual Fund have implemented side-pocketing, while others such as Motilal Oswal Ultra Short Term Fund and Edelweiss Corporate Bond Fund have stopped fresh inflows. Some others such as UTI Mutual Fund have chosen only to hike their exit loads. As the recovery process in DHFL lengthens, these exit loads will lose their effectiveness and speculators, with a little patience, can pocket windfall gains. Still others have chosen to do nothing, leaving the field open for opportunists. Sebi should make it compulsory for fund houses to amend SIDs and insert an enabling clause for side-pocketing. It does not mean the AMCs would be forced to carry out the actual procedure if an event of default happens, but it creates the necessary conditions for them to do so, said Suresh Sadagopan, founder, Ladder7 Financial Advisories. What should you do? For mutual funds hit by DHFL, it may be too late to side-pocket under existing Sebi rules since the credit event has come and gone. Investors who exit the affected schemes give up any chance of recovery in the bad debt. They may also have to pay exit load and capital gains tax. Those who stay face the risk of their profit being shared with speculators and fresh investorsfuture recoveries go to the original investors and fresh investors, while the loss was only borne by the original investors. Mrin Agarwal, founder director of Finsafe India Pvt. Ltd, said, The investors decision shouldnt be about whether staying or leaving will affect chances of recovery of money in bad debt. Rather it should be about whether the investor is willing to stay with a scheme that has taken such high risks and may continue to sit on other risky papers. Each investor should weigh the cost and benefits of exit, taking into account the percentage exposure to bad debt in the scheme, the chance of recovery and tax or exit load payable. There is no foolproof solution. </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 26, 2019 21:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/reliance-mutual-fund-introduces-side-pocketing-in-its-debt-and-hybrid-schemes/story-jhL8UQ2tOEaUxBQebGJI2J.html</url>
<title>Reliance Mutual Fund introduces side pocketing in its debt and hybrid schemes</title>
<body >Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management Company announced the amendment of its scheme information documents (SIDs) in a host of its debt and hybrid funds. The schemes in which a side pocketing provision has been introduced are 17 in number including Reliance Ultra Short Duration Fund, Reliance Strategic Debt Fund, Reliance Short Term Fund, Reliance Prime Debt Fund, Reliance Money Market Fund, Reliance Low Duration Fund, Reliance Liquid Fund, Reliance Income Fund, Reliance Hybrid Bond Fund, Reliance Floating Rate Fund, Reliance Equity Hybrid Fund, Reliance Equity Savings Fund, Reliance Dynamic Bond Fund, Reliance Credit Risk Fund, Reliance Banking and PSU Debt Fund, Reliance Balanced Advantage Fund and Reliance Arbitrage Fund. Investors have been given an exit-load free window of 1 month to exit the schemes in question which will end on 24th September 2019. This exit period has to be given because the introduction of a side pocketing provision constitutes a change of fundamental attributes of a mutual fund scheme. Side pocketing is the creation of segregated portfolios in lieu of bad debt when there is a downgrade in paper held by a scheme below investment grade or when there is a default. A side pocket allows an investor to exit the remaining untainted part of the debt scheme at will and still benefit from any recovery in the bad debt later. This is not possible if the AMC merely writes off the debt. It is an option given to mutual fund houses by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). Fund houses at present, are not mandated to use this procedure if a credit event occurs. Furthermore, investors should note that the current action of the fund house is merely an enabling provision. It does not necessarily mean that Reliance Mutual Fund will go ahead and implement side pocketing in the concerned scheme. Finally, side pocketing has to be done on the day of the credit event and hence it cannot be used to retrospectively for past downgrades/defaults. Certain debt schemes of Reliance Mutual Fund were exposed to debt issued by Reliance Home Finance and Reliance Commercial Finance which were downgraded to default in April-May 2019 and the paper in question was written down. Investors should not unduly panic in response to this move by Reliance Mutual Fund. They should carefully look through the holdings of the Reliance Mutual Fund schemes in which they have invested to assess if there is a real danger of further defaults or they should ask their financial advisor to provide them with this assessment. They should also be mindful of the fact that although the exit load is waived for a period of 30 days, they will still have to pay capital gains tax on any gains they make. This is as per their slab rate for holding periods of less than 3 years and 20% with indexation for longer holding periods. </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 24, 2019 09:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/do-you-need-hybrid-funds-in-your-portfolio/story-Ks6RfBq79qaKLeaHMbk1PP.html</url>
<title>Do you need hybrid funds in your portfolio?</title>
<body >Would you consider investing in a product that has a combination of debt, equity and gold in it? If you are, then hybrid funds are the right option for you. According to data from value research online.com, there are 45 hybrid funds in the market. Like any other investment instrument, you need to consider investment horizon, risk profile and investment goals while investing in hybrid funds too. Lets take a look at the different types of hybrid funds and their compositions before deciding which one to pick: The structure Hybrid funds invest in three kinds of asset classes  debt, equity and gold. According to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) classification, there are six categories of hybrid fund. An aggressive equity hybrid fund, earlier known as balanced advantage fund, invests around 65% -75% in equity and remaining debt funds. Funds in this category can be flexi-cap (either small-cap or mid-cap category), said Vishal Dhawan, founder, Plan Ahead Wealth Advisors. Dynamic asset allocation or balanced advantage fund can put up to 100% in equity or debt. Here the fund managers can alter the composition. Since the fund managers can change the composition based on market conditions, this category is slightly less volatile, said Pawan Agrawal, founder, Invest Guru.in. And based on the composition, the taxation varies. In multi-asset fund, you will have allocation in all three asset classes. The equity allocation is around 65%, debt 20% to 25% and the remaining in gold, said Agrawal. In equity savings funds, the equity component can range between 10% and 40% while the rest is in arbitrage and debt funds. It has lesser longer term equity so are less volatile and attract equity taxation, said Agrawal. In case of debt hybrid funds or conservative hybrid funds where fund managers are managing the fund, a lot depends on the interest rates to alter the composition, said Dhawan. In debt hybrid fund, around 75-85% of the corpus is invested in debt. The fund attracts debt taxation as there are no arbitrage funds, said Agrawal. However, the catch with hybrid funds is that even though two funds are in the same category, it does not mean they are similar. They may have starkly different portfolio construction with varying investment allocation. The way the investment portfolio is constructed, defines the volatility and risk profile of the fund. For example, Mirae Asset Hybrid Equity fund invests 90% to 95% of its equity portion into large cap and most of its debt portion in short duration funds to reduce volatility. On the other hand, LT Hybrid Equity fund invests 50% of its equity portion in small and mid-cap companies and the balance in large-cap companies. Now, if the market is volatile, Miraes fund will do well and the reverse is same for LTs fund, said Agrawal. Even though they are in the same category, their volatility is different. If the duration of the instruments is higher, it will be more volatile than the debt funds of a shorter duration of the same category, he added. Hence, it is important to monitor the portfolio composition in hybrid fund. For instance, in a conservative hybrid fund, just because it is conservative it is not essential that the debt papers it invests in will be conservative, said Dhawan. The cost All mutual funds attract charges in the form of expense ratio. If you look at any category of hybrid fund and compare it with buying a debt or an equity fund separately, the latter option will turn out to be cheaper than buying a single hybrid fund, said Dhawan. Lets assume the expense ratio for equity funds is 1.75% (a mid-point of the range 1.5 to 2%) and expense ratio for a debt fund is 0.5% (a mid-point of the range 0.5 to 1%) while for a balanced advantage hybrid fund is 1.75% (a mid-point of the range 1.5 to 2%). Say you invested 1 lakh. The cost for the hybrid fund will be 1,750. For instance, if you invest 50,000 in a debt fund where your expense would have been 375 and 50,000 in an equity fund where your expense would be 875, then your total expense would be 1,250. This difference in amount shows the advantage of keeping your funds separately, said Dhawan. What should you do? Are you looking for low risk? If you are investing in hybrid funds, it is assumed that you are looking for lesser risk, said Agrawal. It works for first-time investors and for those who are not looking to handle their own asset allocation. First time investors, who cannot handle the volatility of equity or debt funds can look at hybrid funds. Investors who do not do their own asset allocation and are comfortable with fixed allocation, can look at hybrid funds, said Dhawan. You should look at factors such as returns, volatility, your tax slab, risk profile and mode of investment. If you are looking for low volatility you can look at balanced advantage funds. If you want to minimise your volatility impact, you can invest in equity savings schemes, said Agrawal. It is not possible for you to expect for zero volatility because almost all funds will have equity exposure. Your tax slab is also essential. If you are in the higher tax bracket, you can look at equity savings schemes and debt hybrid funds if you are in the lower tax bracket, he said. You also need to be fully aware of the cost. Generally when an investor invests in hybrid funds, they think only about the equity portion is being charged but the debt portion is also charged, said Dhawan. Blurb box Taxation: A hybrid fund attracts equity tax treatment if the equity component over a years time is above 65%. If the non-equity component is more than 35% in over a year, it attracts debt tax treatment </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 05, 2019 15:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/indigo-shares-slide-as-co-founder-alleges-misgovernance/story-8ZBO9X7coi786jznn9rSYJ.html</url>
<title>IndiGo shares drop by 19% as billionaire founders intensify feud</title>
<body >A feud atop Asias biggest budget airline by market value deepened after one of its co-founders accused the other of dubious governance practices, roiling the companys shares and raising concerns that the dispute will drag on. Billionaire Rakesh Gangwal informed IndiGos operator, InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., that he flagged some of his governance concerns about co-founder Rahul Bhatia to the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the company said in a statement late Tuesday. That prompted queries from the regulator, which InterGlobe will respond to by July 19, it said. The complaints centered on what Gangwal described as unusual controlling rights held by Bhatia, who couldnt be reached for comment by Bloomberg. That level of power paved the way for Bhatia to push through related-party transactions and major decisions without proper safeguards or protocols, according to Gangwal. Also Watch | Rift between IndiGo co-founders widens as tussle reaches SEBI doorstep InterGlobe shares tumbled as much as 19% amid concerns that the power struggle will become prolonged and cause collateral damage to the company. It also comes at a bad time as Indian carriers struggle to stay in business amid higher oil prices and cut-throat competition. With the conflict between the two promoters coming out in the public in great detail, we do not envisage a settlement anytime soon, Citigroup analyst Arvind Sharma said in a note to clients, reiterating his recommendation to sell InterGlobe Aviation shares. The uncertainty regarding the final resolution could cause weakness in the stock price. An IndiGo spokeswoman declined to comment beyond the stock exchange statement. InterGlobe traded at 1,368 rupees, down 13%, at 10:30 a.m. in Mumbai and was headed for its biggest drop since 2016. In his letter to the regulator, Gangwal said the company is at a watershed moment and that its started veering off from the core principles and values of governance that made IndiGo what it is today. Gangwal, who has said he had no desire to take control of the airline, also wrote in his letter to the regulator that Bhatia is building an ecosystem of companies for related-party transactions. He also criticized how Bhatias control over the board allowed him to push through decisions without basic governance protocols and laws being followed. These unusual controlling rights seem to be the basis for the various violations of law and governance at IndiGo, Gangwal said in his letter. The nation can ill afford IndiGo to ever falter. Although Gangwal and Bhatia are board members at InterGlobe, neither holds executive positions at the company. Still, Bhatias holding company is the top shareholder. The pair has always been an odd couple. Gangwal, once the chief executive officer at US Airways, teamed up with Bhatia -- a former airline sales agent -- to create in 2005. After its founding, the carrier quickly outpaced rivals to grab almost half of the local market, making both founders billionaires. IndiGo is now one of the few Indian carriers with enough cash to aggressively expand, and its been mapping out a way to build a long-haul, low-cost business to take passengers from places like New Delhi to London. But those expansion plans could be at threat should the feud escalate. This board level feud is an unnecessary distraction for IndiGo, which is best placed to benefit from upheaval in the Indian aviation market, said Rahul Kapoor, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence in Singapore. Even as we do not expect any operational or earnings impact, investors will be closely scrutinizing the related-party transactions and seek greater clarity on future strategy. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 10, 2019 14:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/sebi-s-efforts-are-good-but-reforming-india-s-bond-markets-is-a-big-ask/story-OhENtAjELJBvuwP7wynkXL.html</url>
<title>SEBIs efforts are good but reforming Indias bond markets is a big ask</title>
<body >A series of difficulties continue to plague Indias bond markets. These have been brought to light after the ILFS crisis. The regulator is trying to keep a strict watch and reduce losses for millions of households. In this context, the role of rating agencies is evident. Rating agencies failed to detect discrepancies in companies like ILFS, Dewan Housing, Zee and Reliance Communications as they progressed over time. This led to sudden downgrades, which, in turn, required funds to sell off their holdings of the bonds that were downgraded. The safety of life savings in mutual funds, pensions, provident funds and insurance policies is related to regulations for measuring the riskiness of the bonds that funds put money in. The role of regulation is to protect small retail consumers and their savings to the extent possible. The small retail investor puts money in provident funds, mutual funds, insurance companies, etc. and does not know or understand where fund managers are investing his savings. Investment guidelines are created to reduce the risk that fund managers may take in their quest for higher returns. Many funds cannot hold low rated or risky bonds under their investment guidelines. Liquidity for most corporate bonds is low as there are not many buyers and sellers. As a consequence, sudden downgrades cause difficulties. Prices of bonds fall and consumers incur large losses as funds find it hard to sell bonds at short notice. Securities and Exchange Board of Indias (SEBIs) focus has, therefore, turned to rating agencies. Under the present system, investment guidelines often say how much should be invested by various funds in AAA rated, or AA rated companies. These ratings are provided by credit rating agencies who rate bonds according to their risk profile. Credit rating agencies, therefore, have a huge say in which companies are able to borrow from the market and at what cost. Companies that borrow, pay rating agencies to rate their bonds. This model is ridden with problems. The problem is not unique to India. The same issues were seen in the US at the time of the Lehman crisis. Highly-rated bundles of housing loans were suddenly downgraded to junk status, which led to a debate around the role of credit rating agencies in the global financial crisis. The problem is not easy to solve as investors are averse to paying for ratings. Proposals for independent raters have also not taken off. The world has so far stuck with the issuer-pays model. The incentive of the borrower who gets his bond rated is always to get a better rating. Higher rating lowers the cost of borrowing. Whether a rating agency genuinely rates a bond high as it fails to detect trouble in its balance sheet, or whether it knowingly gives a company a higher rating is debatable. It is reported that four rating agencies are currently being probed in India by the Serious Fraud Investigating Office (SFIO) for their rating of ILFSs finance subsidiary. After the sudden and sharp downgrade of ILFS bonds in September 2018, SEBI, the securities regulator, introduced new, tighter norms for credit rating agencies. Nearly one company has been downgraded each month since November 2018. Asset managers also shun companies that look risky, related companies and group companies. This has a feedback loop as the value of the bonds of these companies falls. This story also feeds into the health of the NBFC (non-banking financial companies) sector. NBFCs normally borrow money in the bond market. They constitute about a third of the non-government bond market borrowing. Starting with the trouble with ILFS, DFHI and India Bulls, weaker NBFCs found it difficult to borrow. Some NBFCs were seen to hold bonds of their own group companies. Others were holding bonds of illiquid or risky companies. Overall, there has been a sharp decline in borrowing by NBFCs after the ILFS downgrade. As the figure shows, in July 2018, mutual funds were investing Rs 1.58 trillion in short term bonds of NBFCs. By March 2019, this number had fallen by more than a third to about Rs 1 trillion. In the last few weeks, promoter loans against shares has become an issue in the bond market. It seems many mutual funds entered into an agreement with the Essel group to not  sell off promoter shares as they were required to do after a default on the grounds that selling of shares of the defaulting company would have hit share prices. This violated the terms of Fixed Maturity Plans through which the money was invested. The extent of loans against shares in mutual funds could be the next source of problems in the bond market. While tightening regulations for credit rating agencies is a step in the right direction, it will not be adequate to solve the problems of Indias bond market. There is a need to build deep and liquid markets. The reform of the bond market requires an integration of the government and corporate bond market infrastructure and regulation and an independent government debt manager. There is a need to bring all markets for bonds, equities, commodities, currencies and derivatives under the securities markets regulator as proposed by various expert committees like Committee on Mumbai as an International Financial Centre and the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission. SEBIs actions are to be appreciated but broader bond market reform requires legislative reform and amendments of the powers given to regulators. Ila Patnaik is an economist and a professor at the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy The views expressed are personal By special arrangement with The Print </body>
<date >Updated: May 13, 2019 07:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/how-do-you-build-a-rep-as-a-new-university-tips-from-early-movers/story-RLD8WndgeNwQurerv4vUqO.html</url>
<title>How do you build a rep as a new university? Tips from early movers</title>
<body >As Indias higher education scene evolves  with cluster universities, private universities and more specialised institutes, new challenges are emerging too. For some, its a simple perception problem in the early years. For others, its the fact that the best lecturers wont visit because the institute is not situated in a major city, or isnt near an airport. For others, it is a struggle to improve placement profiles and packages. However, with proactive steps from the institute and students that gap can be bridged, feels Fatima Agarkar, educationist and co-founder at education consultancy KA Edu Associates, says communication is key, and is something many new institutes get wrong in the early stages. I cant stress enough how important it is for a new institute to have a clear communication strategy, Agarkar adds. They also need to have a strong online presence and reach out to aspiring students on what the place has to offer, what kind of innovative work is being done there and what their career prospects would be. Everything starts there. While communication and an online presence may seem self-evident, or even tangential, its especially crucial in an increasingly crowded ecosystem where, according to central government data, a total of 150 new universities were set up between 2015 and 2018. GETTING IT RIGHT Collaborate, communicate and capitalise on your strengthsthose are essentially the three things that successful young universities and institutes have got right. The Maharashtra National Law University in Mumbai, which opened in 2015, capitalised on their location and the strengths it afforded them, to build relationships with the industry. As their first batch is set to graduate in 2020, vice-chancellor Dilip Ukey is hopeful of a robust placements because its something they have been working towards for years. We have established collaborations with the Bombay Stock Exchange and are contemplating a memorandum of understanding with the Securities and Exchange Board of India. Apart from that we also have tied up with the National Human Rights Commission, Ukey says. Such collaborations are crucial for new institutes to flourish, Krish Lakshmikanth, CEO of recruitment firm Head Hunters India, believes. You cannot just call people in when it is time for them to offer your students jobs. That relationship has to start early on in the course timeline, with workshops, seminars, lectures and partnerships, so that they get to see first-hand the kind of talent you have in the classroom, Lakshmikanth says. Examples of institutes that have done this well, he says, are St Xaviers University, Bhubaneswar, and the Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi (IIM-R). The location of these institutes could have proven to be a disadvantage, Lakshmikanth says. But they both aggressively organised guest lecture sessions and events in which industry players could participate  and the student community could experience what was on offer. That got the ball rolling. Another aspect that helped IIM Ranchi was that they offered a specialisation few others did  in human resource management  and then worked to become thought leaders in that field. We organise human resource conclaves that serve as a platform for professionals in the field. This enables an atmosphere where the information about the work at the institute gets spread across the industry, says Rohit Kumar, area chair-strategic management at IIM-R. </body>
<date >Updated: May 08, 2019 19:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/blackstone-to-buy-51-stake-in-essel-propack-for-460m/story-WkwRhZ4AUL06CgM6SBgCTJ.html</url>
<title>Blackstone to buy 51% stake in Essel Propack for $460m</title>
<body >Blackstone Group Lp, one of the worlds largest private equity (PE) firms, has agreed to buy a majority stake in speciality packaging company Essel Propack Ltd for about $310 million. New York-based Blackstone has signed a definitive agreement with Essel Propacks promoter, Ashok Goel, to buy a 51% stake at 134 a share. Goel, who holds about 57% stake in the company through the Ashok Goel Trust and affiliates, will retain a minority stake post the transaction. The deal will trigger a mandatory open offer as per Securities and Exchange Board of India regulations, requiring Blackstone to purchase an additional 26% stake in Essel Propack. The PE firm has offered to buy the 26% stake at 139.19 a share. Depending on the response to the open offer, Blackstone will be spending between 2,157 crore and 3,211 crore (about $310-462 million) for the entire acquisition. On Monday, shares of Essel Propack closed 0.91% higher at 132.65 on the BSE on Monday. The announcement was made after market hours. Amit Dixit, senior managing director and head of private equity at Blackstone India, said the firm saw an opportunity to use Essel Propack as a platform to acquire more packaging companies. The ability for acquisitions (through Essel Propack) is one of the reasons it is a good partnership, said Dixit, adding that the PE firm would look at acquisition opportunities in foreign countries as well. Essel Propack is the worlds largest producer of laminated plastic tubes used by FMCG and pharmaceutical companies. Mint reported in September that the stake sale in Essel Propack generated interest from various parties, including foreign packaging companies such as Amcor Ltd and Huhtamaki Oyj and PE funds. Blackstone expected Essels future growth to come from companies in beauty, cosmetics and pharmaceutical segments, driven by high consumption growth in emerging markets, said Dixit. Essel Propack has decade-long relationships with marque global customers and a track record of product innovation, he said. The company is a leader in emerging markets and well-positioned to benefit from consumption growth across categories. This investment follows Blackstones long-standing belief and track record in the B2B2C sector. Goel would don the role of an adviser in Essel Propack for the next five years, he said.  Our leadership will stay intact, including the senior management and regional heads, because continuity is a very important theme for us, said Goel. Morgan Stanley was the exclusive financial adviser to Goel. For the quarter ended December 31, 2018, Essel Propack earned a profit of 17.37 crore on revenue of 221 crore, marginally rising from a profit of 13 crore on revenue of 209 crore in the preceding quarter. Essel Propack, founded in 1982, produces laminated tubes at its 20 manufacturing facilities across 10 countries. It employs more than 3,158 people, producing seven billion tubes annually. Its clientele includes global brands in the oral care, beauty, cosmetics and pharmaceutical industries. ICICI Direct says in a January report that Essel Propack has been focusing on improving the share of non-oral care category in its revenue. Considering higher penetration in the toothpaste category, the oral care market sales has not been growing at a rapid pace. This has resulted in the companys strategy of shifting focus to non-oral care categories, dominated by toiletries, skin care and shampoo, which use laminated tubes as packing material. The non-oral care tube market is more than 3x in value compared to oral care tube. Hence, the company is aiming to increase revenue contribution from non-oral category from 40.4% in FY17 to 50% in the next three years, the report said. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 25, 2019 15:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/from-today-convert-shares-to-demat-before-transferring/story-JqNJnzTuD61mpcldsy3czO.html</url>
<title>From today, convert shares to demat before transferring</title>
<body >If your grandmother or your mother has physical shares, she needs to know that if she wants to transfer her shares to anyone it will first have to be converted into a demat form starting today. According to a circular from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), apart from transmission or transposition of securities, requests for effecting transfer of securities will not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialised or demat form with a depository effective April 1.  Transmission means transfer of title of shares by way of inheritance and succession, while transposition means re-arrangement or interchanging of the order of name of shareholders. Sebi stated that it does not prohibit the investor from holding the shares in physical form even from April 1. However, if you want to transfer shares which are held in physical form after April 1, you can do so only after the shares are dematerialised.  In case there is a transfer deed lodged prior to deadline and returned due to deficiency in the document, it can be re-lodged for transfer even after the deadline. Here is what you should do: If you have physical shares of companies which are not active and not trading, you cant convert them to demat form. You can only convert shares that are active and trading on the exchange into demat form. Demat or dematerialised shares are the paper form of securities. Firstly, you have to open a demat account, which is possible through a broking company, bank and an online platform. Opening a demat account is like opening a bank account, said Ajay Menon, managing director and CEO, broking and distribution, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.  You will have to provide know-your-customer documents such as your PAN and bank details. Next, you have to convert the physical shares certificate to demat. You will have to submit dematerialisation request form (DRF) for up to four share certificates if it is of the same company. In case of more certificates, you have to submit separate sets of DRFs for each company. You need to sign the form and submit the original share certificates with the DRFs along with  a photocopy of PAN. The DRF is given to a depository participant with all the documents with physical share certificates. This is sent to a registrar and transfer agents to convert to electronic form, Nilesh Gokral, COO, Angel Broking Ltd. You will get a message when the process is complete. When your share certificates get accepted, your units will get reflected in your demat account. Demat account comes with charges. Usually, there is an annual maintenance fee that ranges between 200 and 850 depending on the channel such as banks, stockbroking companies, discount broker and online portals. You also need to check the account-opening fee and charges for every transaction, which will also depend on the channel. Some waive off the annual maintenance charges in case you do a transaction of a certain amount.   To convert physical share to demat form, it can cost around 150-400 per certificate. You can do it directly or use the help of online platforms. As per Sebi guidelines, it takes approximately 21 days for the process to be completed; however, it may vary for some companies </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 01, 2019 06:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/house-panel-raps-rating-agencies-for-not-anticipating-il-fs-situation/story-ajFvM3U2R8jHWZr5lKDgeL.html</url>
<title>House panel raps rating agencies for not anticipating ILFS situation</title>
<body >A parliamentary panel wants the finance ministry to spell out steps to make Indias credit rating agencies more accountable and transparent in the backdrop of the crisis at the highly rated finance firm Infrastructure Leasing  Financial Services (ILFS). The panel wants the government to end the practice of agencies getting paid by the companies that want credit ratings, a business model that has often come under criticism. We want the government to change rules so that firms seeking ratings should pay Sebi [Securities and Exchange Board of India] instead of rating agencies for their work. This will possibly make the system more transparent and the chances of manipulation will reduce, said a senior member of the panel. Another member pointed out that investors also go by credit ratings before buying mutual funds or parking money in fixed deposits. A wrong rating can create a havoc for common investors who park their hard earned money in financial instruments. Earlier this week, members of the standing committee on finance met representatives from credit rating agencies and ministry officials to discuss the functioning of the agencies. During the interactions, several members, including panel chairman Veerappa Moily and Trinamool Congress leader Saugata Ray, drew a parallel between the ILFS crisis and the Lehmann Brothers collapse and pointed out that both firms were given the highest credit rating. We were of the firm opinion that these agencies have failed not only in the ILFS case, but also in the infrastructure sector. Look at how many infra companies are in the red despite enjoying good credit ratings, said a senior member of the panel. Credit rating agencies are currently regulated by market regulator Sebi through regulations formed in 1999. Such agencies usually engage in the rating of financial instruments. The ratings assigned by agencies reflect their opinion about the credit risk associated with the financial product taking into account factors such as business and industry situation, financial aspects, and capabilities of the management. Currently there are seven such agencies registered with Sebi out of which three  CRISIL, ICRA and CAREare listed in the stock market. Several restrictions are already in place for the rating bodies and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) also conducts an annual review. Guidelines on their objectivity, independence, transparency and disclosures are issued periodically. The law regulating them was amended last year to hike the minimum net worth requirement of credit agencies, from ~5 crore to ~25 crore, and to restrict cross-holdings at a maximum of 10%. </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 08, 2019 09:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/sebi-extends-trading-hours-for-commodity-derivatives-segment/story-2xntMcsI60PzIHsp4hDKZN.html</url>
<title>SEBI extends trading hours for commodity derivatives segment</title>
<body >The market regulator on Friday allowed exchanges to extend the trading hours for the commodity derivatives segment to increase participation. According to a Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) circular,the commodity markets can open at 9 a.m. local time from the current time of 10 a.m. Trading of agriculture products would go on till 9 p.m. while that of non-agri products would be till 11.55 p.m., said the circular. The extension of the trade timing is subject to the Stock Exchange and its Clearing Corporation(s) putting inplace adequate risk management system, surveillance system and infrastructure commensurate with the increased trading hours, the circular said. The provisions of this circular shall come into effect from 30 days from the date of this circular. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 01, 2018 12:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/closely-monitoring-financial-markets-along-with-sebi-ready-to-take-action-if-necessary-rbi/story-l8IrrNIcY1GRxN7uHOfmIJ.html</url>
<title>Closely monitoring financial markets along with Sebi, ready to take action if necessary: RBI</title>
<body >The Reserve Bank Sunday said that it along with Sebi is closely monitoring recent developments in financial markets and ready to take actions, if necessary, as domestic bourses witnessed sudden mid-session plunge last Friday. The Reserve Bank of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India are closely monitoring recent developments in financial markets and are ready to take appropriate actions, if necessary, the central bank said in a brief statement. On Friday the BSE Sensex, which opened on a strong footing, suddenly tanked 1,127.58 points, or 3.03 per cent, to hit a low of 35,993.64 in afternoon trade, before staging an equally sharp recovery within minutes. It finally closed at 36,841.60, down 279.62 points. It saw an intra-day swing of 1,495.60 points. The broader NSE Nifty shed 91.25 points to finish at 11,143.10. The indices closed in the red for the fourth day in a row, during which investors lost a massive Rs 5.6 lakh crore. Overseas investors have pulled out a massive Rs 15,365 crore ($2.1 billion) from the capital markets so far in September, after putting in funds during the previous two months, on widening current account deficit coupled with global trade tensions. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) remained net sellers and offloaded equities worth Rs 2,184.55 crore while domestic institutional investors (DIIs) made purchases worth a net Rs 1,201.30 crore Wednesday, provisional data showed. The Indian currency has also witnessed a massive plunge in the recent past due to rising trade and current account deficits in the wake of rising crude oil prices. However, the rupee was bullish on Friday for the second day, rising 17 paise to end at 72.20 against the US dollar. </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 23, 2018 19:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com//more-lifestyle/horoscope-today-astrological-prediction-for-may-27-what-s-in-store-for-taurus-leo-virgo-scorpio-and-other-zodiac-signs/story-zKZVtxpOuFlB8SQPyYpJ1L.html</url>
<title>Horoscope Today: Astrological prediction for May 27, whats in store for Taurus, Leo, Virgo, Scorpio and other zodiac signs</title>
<body >The 12 signs in the zodiac calendar have their own traits that define a person. The positions of the sun and the planets decide how the day will look for us. Wouldnt it then be helpful if you started your day by knowing what s going to come your way? Go on and find out if the odds are in your favour today: *Aries (March 21-April 20) You may not get a chance to proceed on a planned vacation. Getting something done to set your house in order is indicated. Students are likely to experience their experimental side. Financial front remains stable with judicious spending. You will find the going easy on the work front today. Home remedy will prove effective for those feeling sleep deprived. A difference of opinion with the spouse should be handled with tact. Love Focus: The day promises to be perfect for a heart to heart interaction with the one you love. Lucky Colour: Light Grey Lucky Alphabet: R Friendly Numbers: 8,10,12 Friendly Zodiac Today: Pisces  Aries Be careful of: Virgo *Taurus (April 21-May 20) Misplacing money or an expensive item may give added tension. You are likely to find a perfect getaway for rest and relaxation. Lack of adequate preparation may get some students nervous. Compassion may be the key to your success, so shun harshness. Success on the professional or domestic front will put all health problems in the background. Love Focus: A member of opposite gender is likely to have the hots for you. Lucky Colour: Maroon Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 2, 11,22 Friendly Zodiac Today: Scorpio  Libra Be careful of: Pisces *Gemini (May 21-June 21) Some new installation or house set up may keep some homemakers busy. Music or movies will keep some entertained. Dilly-dallying on the academic front may stall your progress. A feeling of frustration regarding financing a project is likely to set in, but there is little you can do about it. You are likely to make great inroads on the professional front. Health may fluctuate between good and moderate, as an old ailment plays up. Love Focus: Misunderstandings on the romantic front are best avoided by opening the lines of communication. Lucky Colour: White Lucky Alphabet: V Friendly Numbers: 4, 11,18 Friendly Zodiac Today: Virgo  Scorpio Be careful of: Taurus *Cancer (June 22-July 22) Those wanting to start some business or change the present job will find the family supportive. Doing up a newly acquired place is on the cards for some. Get around to hiring people who may be expensive, but are professionally sound to run your business efficiently. Cloth merchants and those into textile business may require extra efforts to enhance business. Aping a health freak may prove beneficial. Love Focus: Prospects of marriage may brighten the horizon of a long-term relationship. Lucky Colour: Peach Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 11, 2, 22 Friendly Zodiac Today: Libra  Scorpio Be careful of: Gemini *Leo (July 23-August 23) Homemakers saving money for a particular task will have enough to see the work to completion. Advice to a youngster from your experience will help him achieve his dreams. Day seems favourable for builders and property dealers. Your spending may come under the scanner of parents, so check extravagance. A new colleague may give you stiff competition at the workplace, but will not be able to dislodge you. Figure conscious people will find it beneficial to adopt a different diet. Love Focus: On the romantic front, someone arriving from abroad may set your heart aflutter! Lucky Colour: Violet Lucky Alphabet: K Friendly Numbers: 3, 6, 9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Sagittarius Be careful of: Scorpio *Virgo (August 24-September 23) Connecting with distant relatives promise to take you down the memory lane. Minimal delays can be expected in a long journey. Chances of an immovable asset coming your way by way of inheritance cannot be ruled out. A delay in submitting an assignment on the academic front may give you tense moments. Although you are financially secure, you will need to find more avenues to increase earning. Recruitment agents will have to get a bigger bait to catch the bigger fish! Alternative therapies prove excellent for getting healthier. Love Focus: Pick your brains for some new romantic ideas, only they are going to work in the present situation. Lucky Colour: Coffee Lucky Alphabet: A Friendly Numbers: 4, 8, 11 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Libra Be careful of: Cancer *Libra (September 24-October 23) Those in love may plan to discuss their relationship with their families. Luck is likely to shine for those who have applied for a house or a plot. A desire you were harbouring in your heart for long is likely to be fulfilled today. Those in real estate will find the business turning profitable. You are likely to double your efforts on the business front to beat competition. Health of a sibling or child, not keeping well for long, is set to improve. Love Focus: Joining partner in another location is indicated and nearness will provide a sense of fulfillment. Lucky Colour: White Lucky Alphabet: K Friendly Numbers: 8, 12, 16 Friendly Zodiac Today: Sagittarius  Capricorn Be careful of: Taurus *Scorpio (October 24-November 22) Spouse remains in an upbeat mood, so do some fun things together. Plans for doing up the house may get underway soon. If you go the extra mile for someone, expect total support from him or her. A family member may start sharing in household expenses. Those in the armed or paramilitary forces may think of opting out for greener pastures. A health tip from an expert will do wonders in regaining a slim and trim figure. Love Focus: An opportunity to get close to an office colleague may materialise, so look your best! Lucky Colour: Peach Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 5, 11, 17 Friendly Zodiac Today: Cancer  Virgo Be careful of: Aries *Sagittarius (November 23-December 21) This is a favorable day to seal a property deal. You may be much in demand on the social front. Students are likely to click with a mentor and benefit on the education front. A slump on the business front is indicated, but it will only be temporary and things are certainly going to improve. The aches and pains that had been troubling you simply disappear, making you feel fit as a fiddle. Love Focus: Couples will manage to remove differences that had cropped up in the relationship. Lucky Colour: Purple Lucky Alphabet: T Friendly Numbers: 13, 18, 21 Friendly Zodiac Today: Capricorn  Libra Be careful of: Cancer *Capricorn (December 22-January 21) Some of you may become proud possessors of property soon by paying the final amount. Slow progress can be expected on the academic front, because of difficulties at every step. Those in job are likely to earn enough to save for the rainy day. A pending job at work may need to be delegated to juniors, due to paucity of time. Despite mental tensions you remain in perfect physical health. A long lost friend is likely to enter your life once again in the most unexpected manner. Love Focus: On the romantic front, partners sweet nothings will prove most soothing to the mind. Lucky Colour: Lemon Lucky Alphabet: R Friendly Numbers: 1, 12, 18 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Cancer Be careful of: Leo *Aquarius (January 22-February 19) Your mood is likely to be on the upswing, as someone from your childhood days connects back with you. Signing a property deal is indicated for some. sYour decision to invest in a government scheme will prove right in the prevailing financial conditions. Disinterest and lack of persistence at work may put you on the wrong side of seniors. Health initiative will prove beneficial, only if you are able to maintain it. Love Focus: A meeting with lover will need to be cancelled due to a prior commitment. Lucky Colour: Parrot Green Lucky Alphabet: M Friendly Numbers: 8, 12, 20 Friendly Zodiac Today: Leo  Scorpio Be careful of: Libra *Pisces (February 20-March 20) A financial tip may prove profitable and get you some good business. Those at loggerheads regarding a property will find an amicable solution. You are likely to get rewarded for your hard work soon. A utility or gadget acquired recently will be a money saver. Dont go in for any last minute changes or alterations in a plan or a project at work. Improvement in health is foreseen, as you take up an exercise routine. Luck takes a turn for the better, as you finally manage to stabilise both domestic and professional fronts. Love Focus: A healthy discussion will provide a perfect setting for taking the next crucial step in a relationship. Lucky Colour: Green Lucky Alphabet: S Friendly Numbers: 4, 16 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Scorpio Be careful of: Sagittarius The astrologer can be contacted at psharma@premastrologer.com or support@askmanisha.com. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 05:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com//business-news/sensex-trims-early-gains-to-turn-red-nifty-around-9-000/story-mkjGFphX7iPUTKUVFeZzsL.html</url>
<title>Sensex ends 995 pts up, Nifty above 9,300 as banks rally</title>
<body >Domestic equity markets snapped a two-day losing streak on Wednesday to end more than 3% higher on the back on sharp gains by bank stocks. The SP BSE Sensex ended higher 995.92 points or 3.25% at 31,605 while the NSE Nifty 50 index settled at 9,316, up 285.90 points or 3.2%. Out of the 30 shares on Sensex, 24 ended in the green with Axis Bank closing over 14%. Axis Bank was followed by ICICI Bank at nearly 9%, HDFC Bank at 5.91% and Indus Bank at 5.84%. Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Wipro, Grasim Industries and HDFC Bank were among major gainers on the Nifty, while losers were Sun Pharma, UltraTech Cement, Titan, Shree Cements and Asian Paints. Sun Pharma and Ultra Cement were among the losers on Sensex. Among sectoral indices, the Nifty Bank ended with gains of 7.20%. Nifty IT up 2.93%, Nifty Metal up 2.58% and the Nifty PSU Bank index up 3.39% were the other sectoral gainers. The pharma and media index ended marginally lower. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com//bollywood/salman-khan-s-dabangg-to-turn-into-animated-series-crime-patrol-actor-preksha-mehta-s-suicide-leaves-colleagues-shocked/story-USGx3ijDhu24QUSfATeCeP.html</url>
<title>Salman Khans Dabangg to turn into animated series, Crime Patrol actor Preksha Mehtas suicide leaves colleagues shocked</title>
<body >Happy birthday AbRam: These photos of Shah Rukh Khans son with Aryan, Suhana, Gauri prove he is familys darling Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khan were over the moon when they welcomed their third child - AbRam - in 2013. The youngest Khan has been the darling of the family ever since he was born. Not only his parents, but his siblings Aryan and Suhana dote on him, as well. (Read full story here) Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Girija Shankar is better known as Dhritrashtra from the hit BR Chopra show, Mahabharat. However, not many know that the actor was just 28 when he played the visually challenged father of the Kaurvas and sported a white beard. Girija says that while he was apprehensive about playing an old man on screen at such a young age, he understood the importance of the character after he read about it. (Read full story here) Karan Kundrra condoles Preksha Mehtas suicide, says You were so young Karan Kundrra has condoled the death of fellow TV actor Preksha Mehta, who committed suicide at the age of 25 on Monday. Karan called for more conversations around mental health. (Read full story here) Sara Ali Khan takes fans on a tour of India in new video. Watch her Bharat state of mind  Amidst lockdown, actor Sara Ali Khan has shared a glimpse of her travels across India. In the video, Sara is seen covering key destinations in Rajasthan, Telangana and Gujarat. Learning about the diversities, beliefs and cultures among various things, Sara has given a sneak peek of her journey. Sharing the first episode of this lockdown edition with a namaste, she captioned the video: Episode 1: Bharat State of Mind. (Read full story here) Salman Khans Dabangg gets an animated series Superstar Salman Khans popular film franchise, Dabangg is all set to get a run as an animated series. The series will chronicle the life and capers of supercop Chulbul Pandey (played by Salman Khan in the films), and will also feature the animated avatars of all popular characters of the franchise including Chhedi Singh (played by Sonu Sood in the films), Rajjo (Sonakshi Sinha) and Prajapatiji (played by the late Vinod Khanna). (Read full story here) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com//bollywood/vidya-balan-turns-producer-with-her-first-short-film-natkhat-shares-poster/story-gtjJgDHTgREV20tkUKeLLL.html</url>
<title>Vidya Balan turns producer with her first short film Natkhat, shares poster</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Vidya Balan shared the first poster from her upcoming short film Natkhat which shows her in a sari with a  young boy. Directed by Shaan Vyas, the film has been co-produced by Vidya and Ronnie Screwvala. The body language and pose of the duo hints that Vidya could be the mother of the young boy in the picture. Sharing the image, she tweeted, Ek kahaani sunoge...? Presenting the first look of my first short film both as actor and producer .#Natkhat  @RSVPMovies @RonnieScrewvala @FontOfThinking @SanayaIZohrabi @mesopystic. The post attracted much love from her industry friends as well as fans. Aditi Rao Hydari, Dia Mirza and Ekta Kapoor were among the first ones to shower their love and blessings. "Ek kahaani sunoge...?" Presenting the first look of my first short film both as actor and producer .#Natkhat @RSVPMovies@RonnieScrewvala @FontOfThinking @SanayaIZohrabi @mesopystic pic.twitter.com/tLoiuA7PkG vidya balan (@vidya_balan) May 26, 2020 "Ek kahaani sunoge...?" Presenting the first look of my first short film both as actor and producer .#Natkhat @RSVPMovies@RonnieScrewvala @FontOfThinking @SanayaIZohrabi @mesopystic pic.twitter.com/tLoiuA7PkG View this post on Instagram           Im happy and excited to share that a few days ago, I did my first short film as an actor .... The film is called Natkhat and has me in a new role....that of PRODUCER .... I never had plans to turn producer but the story written by @annukampa_harsh and #ShaanVyas propelled me in that direction ...Its been a new and precious experience working with @shaanvs the director and his team, and to be partnering with #RonnieScrewvala  @rsvpmovies @sanayairanizohrabi on this beautiful and powerful story. Cant wait to share it with my world and hoping that it speaks to you like it did to me . #natkhat #ronniescrewvala A post shared by  Vidya Balan (@balanvidya) on Jul 22, 2019 at 8:59pm PDT Im happy and excited to share that a few days ago, I did my first short film as an actor .... The film is called Natkhat and has me in a new role....that of PRODUCER .... I never had plans to turn producer but the story written by @annukampa_harsh and #ShaanVyas propelled me in that direction ...Its been a new and precious experience working with @shaanvs the director and his team, and to be partnering with #RonnieScrewvala  @rsvpmovies @sanayairanizohrabi on this beautiful and powerful story. Cant wait to share it with my world and hoping that it speaks to you like it did to me . #natkhat #ronniescrewvala A post shared by  Vidya Balan (@balanvidya) on Jul 22, 2019 at 8:59pm PDT Announcing the short film in July 2019, Vidya had shared a picture of the clapperboard and wrote on Instagram, Im happy and excited to share that a few days ago, I did my first short film as an actor .... The film is called Natkhat and has me in a new role....that of PRODUCER .... I never had plans to turn producer but the story written by @annukampa_harsh and #ShaanVyas propelled me in that direction ...Its been a new and precious experience working with @shaanvs the director and his team, and to be partnering with #RonnieScrewvala  @rsvpmovies @sanayairanizohrabi on this beautiful and powerful story. Cant wait to share it with my world and hoping that it speaks to you like it did to me  #natkhat #ronniescrewvala. Talking about the film, Vidya had said in a statement, It is a beautiful and powerful story, which impressed me so much that I decided to act in it as well as make this film. Also read: Crime Patrol actor Preksha Mehta commits suicide at 25, leaves final note on Instagram Vidya will also be seen in a biopic on mathematician Shakuntala Devi where she essays the titular role. Bengali actor Jisshu Sengupta plays her husband in the film.  The film, directed by Anu Menon, also stars Sanya Malhotra and Amit Sadh in key roles. It will release on Amazon Prime Video. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com//bollywood/priyanka-chopra-suits-up-for-work-from-home-ditches-stilettos-for-bathroom-slippers-see-pics/story-OjqEMPEFdbOUu2kuTmVEhL.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra suits up for work from home, ditches stilettos for bathroom slippers. See pics</title>
<body >Priyanka Chopra recently gave a glimpse of her work from home look as she paired a formal suit with casual slippers for a video call. The actor shared the look on social media. Sharing two pictures on Instagram, Priyanka wrote, Zoom meeting lewk! The actor is seen in a cream blazer worn over an orange top with some light makeup and combed hair. However, the actor, who is often spotted in her trademark stilettos, paired the look with unmatched slippers. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 26, 2020 at 11:34am PDT A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 26, 2020 at 11:34am PDT The post invited interesting reactions from several of her industry friends and fans with over 883000 likes. Mindy Kaling reacted, Im dead Pri with a laughing emoji and Priyanka responded to her with Hahaha.  A magazine editor coined her look as Business casual. One of her followers commented, Day after a looong weekend vibes. A fan wrote, Thats how we dress during quarantine. Another wrote, It happens with everyone. Apart from working from home, Priyanka is also spending quality time with husband Nick Jonas. The couple recently marked the second anniversary of their first date. Priyanka posted a picture of the two of them at Dodgers Stadium a couple of years ago, on her social media and wrote, 2 years ago today we took our very first picture together. Every day since then you have brought me endless joy and happiness. I love you Nick Jonas. Thank you for making our life together so incredible. Heres to many more date nights. Nick replied in the comments with, Best two years of my life. I love you. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Sometime later, he also posted a different photograph from a different date, but to express the same sentiment. He wrote: This beautiful woman and I went on our first date two years ago today. It has been the best two years of my life, and to think I am lucky enough to get to spend the rest of my life with her is such an incredible blessing. I love you babe. Happy two years. Nick and Priyanka got married in India in December 2018. They later hosted multiple receptions for friends and family. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com//art-and-culture/not-a-harry-potter-spinoff-jk-rowling-is-releasing-first-chapters-of-new-story-ickabog-online-for-free/story-y7z59HmbtbTBS9qjmON82H.html</url>
<title>Not a Harry Potter spin-off: JK Rowling releases first chapters of new story, The Ickabog, online for free</title>
<body >Renowned childrens author JK Rowling is publishing a new story called The Ickabog, which will be free to read online to help entertain children and families stuck at home during the coronavirus pandemic. Taking to her Twitter handle on Tuesday, the author announced, I have a small announcement, but before I get started, I want to head off one possible source of confusion. THIS IS NOT A HARRY POTTER SPIN-OFF. The authors 13 tweet long thread went on, Over 10 years ago, I wrote a stand-alone fairy tale called The Ickabog.... About The Ickabog The idea for The Ickabog came to me while I was still writing Harry Potter. I wrote most of a first draft in fits and starts between Potter books, intending to publish it after... I always meant to publish it, but after the last Potter was released I wrote two novels for adults and, after some dithering, decided to put those out next. Until very recently, the only people whod heard the story of  The Ickabog were my two younger children. She went on to write how she though The Ickabog was not for public eyes, Over time I came to think of The Ickabog as just for my family. The manuscript went up into the attic, where it remained until a few weeks ago. This is the very dusty box I got down from the attic. Opening the box was like opening a time capsule. Most of the story was handwritten, but bits had been typed up. When I put it into some kind of order (Im not renowned for my filing skills) I had a patchwork first draft. The first two chapters of The Ickabog are available for free here:https://t.co/afFEfRQQ5C J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) May 26, 2020 The first two chapters of The Ickabog are available for free here:https://t.co/afFEfRQQ5C The Harry Potter author said she wrote the fairy tale for her children as a bedtime story over a decade ago.   Set in an imaginary land, it is a stand-alone story about truth and the abuse of power for children from 7 to 9 years old and is unrelated to Rowlings other books. Rowling said the draft of the story had stayed in her attic while she focused on writing books for adults.   She said her children, now teenagers, were touchingly enthusiastic when she recently suggested retrieving the story and publishing it for free. For the last few weeks Ive been immersed in a fictional world I thought Id never enter again. As I worked to finish the book, I started reading chapters nightly to the family again, she said. The Ickabogs first two readers  (her children) told me what they remember from when they were tiny, and demanded the reinstatement of bits theyd particularly liked (I obeyed).   The first two chapters were posted online Tuesday, with daily instalments to follow until July 10. The book will be published in print later this year, and Rowling said she will pledge royalties from its sales to projects helping those particularly affected by the pandemic. On her personal website, Rowling explained the premise of  Ickabog, The Ickabog is a story about truth and the abuse of power. To forestall one obvious question: the idea came to me well over a decade ago, so it isnt intended to be read as a response to anything thats happening in the world right now. The themes are timeless and could apply to any era or any country. I LOVE this Ickabog! #TheIckabog https://t.co/VdbjMwQt4Q J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) May 26, 2020 I LOVE this Ickabog! #TheIckabog https://t.co/VdbjMwQt4Q The author has also asked, via her Twitter handle, children between the ages of 7-12 to contribute artwork and illustrations for the story, saying that other ages can send in their art too as she would love to see it. She wrote, Ill be giving suggestions as to what to draw as we go along, but you should let your imagination run wild. And her feed is flooded with variations of the characters of Ickabog, and Ickabog himself. Rowling also mentioned that it is an official competition that is being run by Scholastic and that the final printed version of the book, which will release later this year, could have the artwork of those who participate. Whether any compensation will be offered wasnt mentioned by Rowling, however the competitions official rules say that a total of 34 winners will receive a signed copy of the book, adding that $650 worth of books will be donated by Scholastic to the winners choice of school or library. (With AP inputs) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/84-women-say-lockdown-restricted-their-access-to-menstrual-products-survey/story-tdwlmvGPyfy2HVBE6UHRgM.html</url>
<title>84% women say lockdown restricted their access to menstrual products: Survey</title>
<body >Access to menstrual hygiene products has been affected by the lockdown for young girls and women who depend on schools and community places, a survey has found. The survey, conducted by the Menstrual Health Alliance India (MHAI), has also found that 84% women who responded said that there is either no or severely restricted access to menstrual products in communities that they work in, especially for sanitary pads. As per the survey, whose findings were released by Dasra and Change.org, consumers of 62% of the organisations manufacturing menstrual hygiene products that took part in the survey faced problems in accessing products from their regular channels, while 22% reported no access to menstrual products at all. In the rapid survey, 67 organisations participated, and 45 were from India, 16 from the African region and six from other countries. Fifty four of the organisations were rural and 49 were urban. The survey was conducted in April and 94% respondents were either in lockdown or state mandated social distancing at the time of the survey. Disposable pads were manufactured or distributed by 23 organisations, 28 made reusable pads, while 13 made menstrual cups. Sixty five percent of their clientele or beneficiaries were adolescent girls, 59% were women, 27% were post-partum women, while 34% had disabilities. This meant that more women were forced to use clothes, and the lack of knowledge of hygiene norms was a risk. Most adolescent girls from low-income households depended on school-based supply in Government schools. Given that schools have been closed since the lockdown, they have started using cloth pads. We need to look at how reusable product choices like cloth pads and menstrual cups can be promoted with information on maintenance of hygiene in order to build resilient MHM practices, Tanya Mahajan of the MHAI said. The survey found that only 25% were fully operational, and 50% partially. Very few units had raw material availability for the next 3 months  only 25% had availability and 40% had partial availability, the report said. Of these, only 24% were in a position to service demand from their community while 46% were able to do so partially. Road transport restrictions were the main roadblock, and with new production norms expecting a focus on a limited capacity, production was affected in many places. In addition to that, the limited availability of migrant labours was a factor. Import restrictions, especially for menstrual cups imported from facilities in Europe to ensure quality benchmarks, was challenging. Raw materials for disposable sanitary pads, particularly wood pulp, have become challenging, the report said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 14:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/eid-mubarak-priyanka-chopra-sara-ali-khan-extend-greetings-sonam-kapoor-says-thank-you-for-praying-for-us/story-wirDv8cmDFNzxYJeSU8GKN.html</url>
<title>Eid 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Sara Ali Khan wish Eid mubarak, Sonam Kapoor says Thank you for praying for us</title>
<body >A host of Bollywood celebrities have wished their fans Eid Mubarak on social media. Many of them, such as Sonam Kapoor, Sara Ali Khan and Ananya Panday, shared  their traditional looks along with Eid greetings on Instagram. Priyanka Chopra took to her Instagram stories to wish fans on the occasion. She wrote, Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating around the world. I wish for you and your families strength, peace and happiness in these uncertain times. #EidMubarak. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sara Ali Khan (@saraalikhan95) on May 24, 2020 at 8:55am PDT A post shared by Sara Ali Khan (@saraalikhan95) on May 24, 2020 at 8:55am PDT Sara shared a collage of her pictures as a child and a grownup, both of which show her in a hijab. She captioned it, Eid Mubarak #staysafe #stayhome #staypositive. Ananya shared a boomerang video in a traditional look, complete with a nose pin, and wrote, Eid Mubarak ...sending everyone lots of love, good energy, peace and a BIG virtual hug #StayHome #StaySafe. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on May 24, 2020 at 9:49am PDT A post shared by Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on May 24, 2020 at 9:49am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sonam K Ahuja (@sonamkapoor) on May 24, 2020 at 7:12pm PDT A post shared by Sonam K Ahuja (@sonamkapoor) on May 24, 2020 at 7:12pm PDT Sonam shared a picture of herself from one of her photoshoots and wrote, Eid Mubarak my brothers and sisters, may this years trials and tribulations become foundations of a better tomorrow. Thank you for praying for us this whole holy month of Ramazan . Have a blessed Eid. Shraddha Kapoor also shared a boomerang video of her performing the namaaz in one of her films. She captioned it, Eid Mubarak. Tara Sutaria also shared a picture of herself with her head covered with a dupatta to wish fans on Instagram. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Shraddha (@shraddhakapoor) on May 24, 2020 at 12:07pm PDT A post shared by Shraddha (@shraddhakapoor) on May 24, 2020 at 12:07pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by TARA (@tarasutaria) on May 24, 2020 at 10:17am PDT A post shared by TARA (@tarasutaria) on May 24, 2020 at 10:17am PDT Also read: Esha Gupta on dealing with Covid-19 crisis: Im treating this as a war-like situation Others such as Hema Malini, Randeep Hooda, Urmila Matondkar, Anupam Kher, Nushrat Bharucha, Manoj Bajpayee and Adnan Sami had also extended their warm greetings to fans on social media. Randeep put out a picture in which he can be seen wearing a sherwani with a pearl beaded neckpiece and a full beard. Alongside the post, the actor extended Eid wishes and wrote,  Re Sabne Eid ki Raam Raam #eidmubarak. Hope everyone is celebrating responsibly with their families and staying safe. We will celebrate together again soon #peace. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 09:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/dabangg-3-review-salman-khan-ticks-feminism-off-his-list-can-we-hope-to-end-unchecked-police-brutality-in-next/story-rSh5FJFpI2Nag1UVd7HCKL.html</url>
<title>Dabangg 3 review: Salman Khan ticks feminism off his list, can we hope to end unchecked police brutality in next?</title>
<body >Dabangg 3 Cast: Salman Khan, Sonakshi Sinha, Saiee ManjrekarDirector: Prabhudeva Can you imagine the irony of it all? As the focus is on protests and the polices reaction to it across the country, we get a movie eulogising a fictional cop who beats, maims and slaps criminals, his subordinates and general public at whim? But thats the charm of Salman Khan and the police. You are advised by well-meaning people to cut them some slack despite their infractions. Watch Dabangg 3 trailer here Talking about cutting slack, Salman Khan is not ready to allow us any. The film is Dabangg 3 where Salman returns as ASP Chulbul Pandey, the affable cop with a penchant for slaps and perforated things. This time he is bringing us the tragic backstory that made Chulbul the jolly, witty, enigmatic, enthusiastic and just generally a happy person that we have paid good money to watch in two movies and over a decade. Directed by Prabhudeva, who has swiftly turned into his go-to director whenever Salman wishes to do whatever he pleases, the film goes back into Chulbuls past to uncover some horrible mysteries as they unexpectedly trickle into his present. We are introduced to Saiee Manjrekars Khushi, Chulbuls sweetheart before he was won over by Sonakshi Sinhas Rajjo and her complete indifference to getting slapped. Khushi is pretty as a lamb, sweet as a lamb and even dispensable as a lamb. When the time is right, when the moon is in the seventh house and the writers room demands a worthy reason for making a third instalment in an already overcrowded franchise, she will join a long list of WAGs who will be sacrificed on the altar of cliched film plots, so the hero could have a painful backstory and a shallow semblance of depth. Ah, but do not be fooled by this little detail, or the generic item number, or the multiple other things that could still give a woke person palpitations to last days, because Dabangg has taken a turn towards feminism. Chulbul is no longer threatening to smack women across their faces but saving them from sex trafficking and letting them keep their fathers name after marriage. The sweet, generous man is also revoking his right to dowries, and you wont believe this one putting nada in his wifes petticoats. Chulbul is a changed man. But dont let all that feminism talk dissuade you from booking those tickets. Chulbul maybe a softie at heart but he is still making Swiss cheese of criminals and his muscles get a heavy workout this time around too. He finds an opponent in the creepy and disgustingly 90s villain, Bali, played by Kiccha Sudeep. Consider him an alternate reading of Salmans Tere Naam, except this time Radhes love goes unrequited and he spends all that weird sexual energy planting rose gardens over the dead bodies of women who rejected him. A strong case is made about the evil of Bali. He stares down womens cleavage, kills them when they cant love him back and makes open declarations of raping them. And the nastiness goes flying off the charts every time that special villainous theme arrives before him. Prabhudeva was one catchphrase away from making him the quintessential villain from second tier Bollywood. With such exceptionally written characters (please catch on the sarcasm if you havent already) its a crime to not have a plot equally enthralling. Thank god, we have the revered writer of Race 3 to the rescue, Salman Khan himself. Why the tragic scenes were good for some eye-rolling exercises, the comedy almost made me throw up a little in my mouth. There are jokes about holding a mans gulaab jamun, witnessing another mans bowel movements, wiping butts, giving wedgies to grown men and to top it all off, Dolly Bindra will make bedroom eyes at you for way longer than necessary. And to be honest, even a second of it is way longer than necessary. Also read: Dabangg 3: Heres why Salman Khan kept Dabangg open-ended The action scenes are cut with the frantic energy of a toddler on sugar high. The punches land with the loudness of bulldozers, and I swear they made it sound like iron rods clanking this one time a goon hit Salman. And if through all this medley of construction work OST you could still manage to reach the climax, prepare your eyes for colour correction that would leave George Miller shaking in his pants. Its Mad Max: Dadar Road and they have the aesthetic to match. Its quite impressive to be honest, achieving this level of pomp and show with such little substance for inspiration. Dabangg 3 is as unnecessary as a remake of an item song, a romantic angle between another woman 30 years younger than you, and brutality when dealing with protestors, criminals or general public. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 20, 2019 14:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/unemployed-actor-manmeet-grewal-commits-suicide-neighbours-refuse-to-help-fearing-he-had-covid-19/story-faeNaFDccHMbl9tZ6iCDCI.html</url>
<title>Unemployed actor Manmeet Grewal commits suicide, neighbours refuse to help fearing he had Covid-19</title>
<body >TV actor Manmeet Grewal, who was seen in shows such as Aadat Se Majboor and Kuldeepak, committed suicide at his residence in Navi Mumbai on Friday night, as reported by Mid-Day. The actor was burdened by debt and couldnt find any work due to lockdown. The 32-year-old actor was found hanging in the bedroom by his wife who tried to save him. However, her cries for help went unanswered by neighbours who believed Manmeet may have contracted coronavirus. Manmeets friend Manjit Singh told Spotboye, He was very normal that evening, went to his room and locked it from inside. That time his wife was in the kitchen making food. When she heard the noise of a chair, she rushed to the bedroom and held him. She screamed a lot for the help and neighbours did come hearing the noise but no one came forward to help or get him down. Also read | Akshaye Khanna on producing films: If I wish to make a Tanhaji today, I have to deliver at the box office Finally a security guard came forward and brought down the body by cutting the dupatta. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. The actor was in so much of trouble, that they had mortgaged golden ornaments. He didnt have money to pay Rs 8500 as rent, an officer from the police station said in the report. Manmeet is survived by his wife and parents who stay in Punjab. The couple got married two years ago. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 17, 2020 09:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-daughter-suhana-is-a-breath-of-fresh-air-in-latest-pic-see-it-here/story-IPyzY0bRcBWA82CO69U8wM.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana is a breath of fresh air in latest pic. See it here</title>
<body >Actor Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana may not have set foot in Bollywood but she is a quite a star in her own right. Any picture of hers on social media goes viral in no time. Her recent candid shot is one such a picture. Wearing a white spaghetti top, with little to no makeup on and her long hair left lose, Suhana is a breath of fresh air. She is sitting by the side of a coffee table and has a glass in her hand. She is smiling at the camera and picture looks  like it is from a family or friends party. View this post on Instagram           Morning  A post shared by  Suhana Khan  (@suhanakhan143) on Jun 18, 2019 at 8:38pm PDT Morning  A post shared by  Suhana Khan  (@suhanakhan143) on Jun 18, 2019 at 8:38pm PDT Also read: Kabir Singh movie review: Shahid Kapoor plays the fool in this toxic, troubling film Suhana, along with her mother Guari Khan, was at a family wedding in Kolkata and the pictures from the various functions were a big hit online. Suhana wore dull colours with much finesse and looking striking in them. Pictures from the mehendi ceremony and the wedding were shared on her many fan pages. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 19, 2019 at 6:43am PDT  A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 19, 2019 at 6:43am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 11, 2019 at 9:29pm PDT  A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 11, 2019 at 9:29pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 4, 2019 at 4:52am PDT A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 4, 2019 at 4:52am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 3, 2019 at 7:17am PDT  A post shared by  Suhana Khan (@suhanakhanoffcial) on Jun 3, 2019 at 7:17am PDT Suhana, who is currently studying in the UK, is unlikely to make her Bollywood debut anytime soon. Her father, ShahRukh is keen that she study acting before taking the plunge. Speaking about his daughters future, he had said that she will go to an educational institute for three-four years to train in acting. Incidentally, Shah Rukhs elder son Aryan too is studying filmmaking in America. However, Suhana keeps shuttling between Mumbai and London and is often seen with her childhood friendsactor Ananya Panday and actor Sanjay Kapoors daughter, Shanaya Kapoor. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 21, 2019 12:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/sophie-turner-stuns-in-white-dress-joe-jonas-looks-dapper-at-pre-wedding-party-see-pics/story-RBUWDdL4ycUxBwQnkJBPGM.html</url>
<title>Sophie Turner stuns in white dress, Joe Jonas looks dapper at pre-wedding party. See pics</title>
<body >Actor Sophie Turner and her singer husband Joe Jonas are all set for their pre-wedding party in Provence, France.  The two were caught on camera by the paparazzi at their wedding venue, the Chateau de Tourreau, as they made their way inside on Friday afternoon with their friends and family. Joe was seen holding Sophies hand and guiding her around the venue. He wore a striped black suit, a white shirt and white shoes to the pre-wedding party while Sophie looked graceful in a simple, all-white long silk dress. She tied her hair in a bun and flashed a big smile. Check out their pic: View this post on Instagram           On their way to a Pre wedding party  Btw Maisie has Arrived!!                           #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 28, 2019 at 4:48am PDT On their way to a Pre wedding party  Btw Maisie has Arrived!!                           #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 28, 2019 at 4:48am PDT Joe and Sophie were joined at the venue by his brothers Nick and Kevin and their wives, actor Priyanka Chopra and jewellery designer Danielle Jonas. Priyanka was spotted walking around the chateau in a black dress with Nick by her side on Friday morning. The two also welcomed Kevin and Danielle and their parents Kevin Sr and Denise Jonas at the venue in the morning. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by JonasBrothers (@jonaasbrothers) on Jun 28, 2019 at 3:13am PDT A post shared by JonasBrothers (@jonaasbrothers) on Jun 28, 2019 at 3:13am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by @hollywoodiha.ir on Jun 28, 2019 at 2:23am PDT A post shared by @hollywoodiha.ir on Jun 28, 2019 at 2:23am PDT WATCH |Sophie Turner, Joe Jonas dazzle at pre-wedding celebration; Priyanka-Nick attend  The wedding venue is a pristine chateau, spread across 17 acres with several gardens, orchards and more. Paparazzi is already stationed outside the venue of the wedding, that is expected to take place over the weekend. Joe and Sophie first sparked romance rumours in November 2016 when they were spotted together at a pre-MTV Europe Music Awards event. They made their relationship Instagram official by the following January. In October 2017, the power couple got engaged. The two surprised the world when, after their stunning appearance at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards in May, the pair got hitched in Las Vegas. It was all thanks to American DJ Diplo, who broke the news on social media by posting a series of Instagram stories from the private ceremony and the world got to know about the wedding. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/rani-mukerji-starrer-hichki-to-be-shown-at-giffoni-international-children-film-festival-in-italy/story-9KOAhKAFiPTs42Uq01DShM.html</url>
<title>Rani Mukerji-starrer Hichki to be shown at Giffoni International Children Film Festival in Italy</title>
<body >Rani Mukerji starrer Hichki, which released last year and marked her comeback into Bollywood, not only earned huge praise for the actor but also garnered over Rs 250 crores worldwide. Hichki also won top awards at several international film festivals. And now, the movie is all set to be screened at the 49th edition of the Giffoni Film Festival in Italy. Expressing his happiness over it, the producer Maneesh Sharma said, For it to be selected for screening at childrens film festival shows its relevance to this age-group as well. Hichki is that rare film that has been doing India proud globally and our intent is to showcase this film to as many people across the world. Giffoni International Children Film Festival in Italy will commence on July 19 and will continue till July 27. Also read: Sophie Turner stuns in white dress, Joe Jonas looks dapper at pre-wedding party. See pics Hichki is a classic underdog story that has resonated with audiences all over the world. It has a universal story thats both inspiring and heart-warming and we at YRF are humbled with the love and appreciation that our gem of a film has been receiving, Maneesh stated. The film reached out to the hearts of the audiences with its progressive message of breaking stereotypes. Hichki is a story of human triumph against stereotypes, against insurmountable odds that are posed by our society and it has truly appealed across cultures and borders and age-groups, Maneesh added. Hichki is the story of Naina, played by Rani, who has a nervous system disorder, Tourette syndrome that forces an individual to make involuntary repetitive movements or sounds. She faces discrimination from the society that believes she cannot become a teacher because of her disorder. Directed by Siddharth P Malhotra and produced by Maneesh Sharma, the movie was released in India last year on March 23. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 29, 2019 09:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-what-you-need-to-know-today/story-e9RPSrUeDUyhx6KQ6k0wnJ.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: What you need to know today</title>
<body >Japan, which unveiled a trillion-dollar stimulus to revive its Covid-19 and lockdown-hit economy in April, is reported to be planning another trillion-dollar stimulus. The new package includes direct subsidies for companies to help them cover cost of operations, health care aid for individuals, and financial assistance for local governments. The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said the total of the two packages will work out to around 40% of the countrys GDP. The fiscal cost of the package isnt clear. HTs analysis estimated that of the previous trillion-dollar package at around $454 billion or 9.13% of the countrys GDP. The European Commission has also said it is working on a package of between 750 billion ($823 billion) and 1 trillion ($1.97 trillion) for the region, including a proposed 500 billion euro ($548 billion) fund that can be tapped by member-countries whose economies have been hit hard by the coronavirus disease pandemic. The US Heroes Act, which promises $3 trillion in support, including another round of cheque payments to eligible Americans, is unlikely to be passed by the Senate, but there is talk that there will be a follow-up to the $2 trillion package announced in the CARES Act. Including monetary measures, HTs Analysis calculates that the US has announced a total package of $6.8 trillion of which the fiscal cost is around $940 billion (this is a very conservative estimate and excludes loans and guarantees). The consensus estimate for the fiscal cost of Indias $277 billion package is around $29 billion. Plans for a second stimulus package underline a realisation in countries around the world that the impact of the pandemic and the lockdowns enforced by many countries to slow its spread  in the absence of a cure, a lockdown is the only way to break the chain of infections  will be harder than originally estimated. According to a Reuters poll of economists released on Wednesday, the global economy will shrink by 3.2% this year. A similar poll last month predicted that the decline would be 2%. The International Monetary Fund said in April that global growth would decline by 3% in 2020, and its managing director Kristalina Georgieva recently hinted that this could be revised down. But while this year will be worse than estimated, the economists polled by Reuters expect next year to be better. The poll said global growth could bounce back to 5.4% next year, up from the 4.5% predicted in Aprils poll, although this is largely the base effect shining through. In India too, the immediate impact on the economy is likely to be harder than expected. State Bank of India said in a research note on Tuesday that Indias GDP could contract 40% in the first three months of the year (April-June) and by 6.8% in the full year (2020-21). But it expects growth to bounce back once the country opens fully. Rating agency Crisil, which sees the countrys economy shrinking 5% in 2020-21, expects the first quarter to see a 25% fall in GDP. Much depends on when the country reopens fully. And much also depends on when India starts flattening the curve  in terms of new cases of Covid-19, and in terms of daily deaths. Neither is happening right now: both the number of new cases and that of daily deaths are continuing to rise. And at some point in the next few months, India is going to have to start thinking in terms of a new package that can revive demand, put more money in the hands of individuals, and financially support businesses. Its probably too early to talk of it  the ink on the documentation of the first package is yet to dry and many of the notifications related to it are yet to be issued  but developments in the US, Japan, and Europe clearly indicate that the economy needs more. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/article-15-movie-review-ayushmann-khurrana-stands-tall-in-this-essential-film-about-cops-and-caste-4-5-stars/story-fivzSl1g0IV7kGnY2IXISO.html</url>
<title>Article 15 movie review: Ayushmann Khurrana hunts for inconvenient truths in an essential film</title>
<body >Article 15Director: Anubhav SinhaCast: Ayushmann Khurrana, Manoj Pahwa, Kumud Mishra, Sushil Pandey, Sayani Gupta, Mohammad Zeeshan AyyubRating: 4.5/5  The posting was a punishment. Ayan Ranjan, newly minted Indian Police Service officer, the tuck of his shirt crisp as a new banknote, readily admits the reason hes sentenced to the bleak badlands of Uttar Pradesh. Ranjan had agreed with a senior officer without sounding officious enough  he had said Cool, sir, a yes-man forgetting his only line  and the perceived insubordination was enough to land him in a world where half the people dont touch the other half. Article 15, Anubhav Sinhas searing film about the indignities endorsed by the caste-system in modern day India, does not play it cool. Inspired by the real-life Badaun killings  and a stirring tribute to Alan Parkers 1988 procedural thriller Mississippi Burning  this film features policemen hushing up the murder and gangrape of three 15-year-old girls because they belong to a lowered caste. Us, and Them. It is a grim, unrelenting and essential film, one throwing up truths we choose to forget. Also Watch | Public Review of Article 15 | Ayushmann Khurrana | Anubhav Sinha Welcome to Page 7 India, says Ranjans wife, when he calls and texts her, his eyes wide with newly discovered outrage at the plight of the Dalits and the downtrodden in middle India. Reports about these atrocities are relegated to the little-read middle of the paper, far from the front and sport pages. Ayan, a young Brahmin who likes his single malt, and walks around with a holster suavely sticking out from underneath a well-cut blazer, feels as much a stranger to that locale as an Englishman. The policemen below him are keen to make sure he isnt some young fool out to change the system after watching too many renegade cop movies starring Ajay Devgn. They get transferred, grunt old cops in the know, while we get killed. Us, and Them. Written by Gaurav Solanki and Sinha, the film has the stench of honesty. It is hauntingly shot by Ewan Mulligan, who slides through the shadows to zero in on acute specifics: the breakfast prepared before a murder, the everyday banality of a crime scene, and  most unforgettably  a man cleaning a filthy black drain. He cleans our world because we wont do it ourselves. As policemen plod through a marsh, Ranjan asks about politics, and the men good-humouredly state why they vote for the Elephant one year and the Cycle the next, and for the parties their mothers told them to always vote for. Rebels use Whatsapp, while cops keep tabs on activism by seeing what messages are being forwarded. The filmmakers cannily use texting to educate the leading man, the messages from his level-headed wife becoming the voice in his head. We do not need a hero, she insists. We just need people to stop waiting for a hero. Ayushmann Khurrana plays Ranjan with inevitable entitlement. His elitist indignation while barking orders gets things done, but also distances him from the policemen answering to him. In one remarkable scene he matter-of-factly asks the cops about their places  and his own, for he is privileged enough not to know  in the caste hierarchy, and the distinctions between caste-and-Kayastha are maddening. One of them says he is a Jaat, and was normal, but has now been granted Other Backward Class status, while Jaats in other states have not. This is illegal. Ranjan asking them their caste, I mean. Not the division, but the pronouncement of it. Khurrana is spot-on, consistently harrowed and, building on the everyman baggage of his earlier films, immensely relatable. He eschews showiness to stay true to the part, a protagonist who is aware he will be looked on as an upper-caste saviour, aware that it isnt his role. Sinha surrounds him with a superb ensemble. Manoj Pahwa is frighteningly good as a higher-caste cop. Berating a junior, he clenches his teeth so hard it feels like he doesnt trust himself to open his mouth, for fear of biting someone of a lower status. Top performances come also from Sushil Pandey as a lowly policeman who seems like the nicest bloody guy; Kumud Mishra as the son of a sweeper who is now a policeman (yet relentlessly reminded of his background); and Sayani Gupta as sister to one of the missing girls, her gigantic plaintive eyes an indictment of India itself. The mercurial Mohammad Zeeshan Ayyub plays a revolutionary, a rebel who cant afford to lose hope because he has become a face of it. He gets the films most memorable lines, achingly confessing how he has been so romanticised that he is left without romance. With the horrors around, it felt criminal for him to smile at a girl he loves. In the land that allows Us and Them, all pleasure feels guilty. What do you do when the system is the bad guy? There are no revelations here. Weve read about such cases, weve sighed about these horrors. Article 15 is not a film in search of easy answers. It is instead a reminder that we already know the questions, but dont ask them enough. Not cool, sir. (The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. They do not reflect the views of Hindustan Times.) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 20:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/ayushmann-khurrana-is-an-actor-who-is-pushing-the-boundaries-says-anupama-chopra/story-BsRX03882LxFYDxpsUOT6N.html</url>
<title>Ayushmann Khurrana is an actor who is pushing the boundaries, says Anupama Chopra</title>
<body >Ayushmann Khurrana actively sought out the film Article 15. The actor saw Mulk, a powerful and persuasive plea for religious unity, and called the films director, Anubhav Sinha. Anubhav offered him a rom-com. Ayushmann asked instead for something gritty and hard-hitting. So the director pulled out a half-written script, which was inspired by the horrific Badaun case of 2014 in which two sisters (both minor) were found hanging from a tree. Ayushmann immediately said yes, allotted dates and wrapped the film up in 32 days. Article 15 is that rare thing  a mainstream Hindi movie that confronts caste in India. The film got made because an A-list actor propelled it. This is the tough truth of Bollywood. In the last 15 years, new generations of directors and writers have reworked the narratives and the form of Hindi cinema but the biggest drivers of change are still actors. Actors constitute their own planetary systems, with favoured directors, producers, writers, studios, stylists, managers, make-up artists, publicists and social media mavens circling them. Bollywood has always been a star-struck industry but actors now seem to have even more clout  they are essential not just for making movies but also for brands, events (from weddings to award shows to book launches), magazine covers (even magazines about architecture and travel) and of course social media amplification. When an actor posts about something, it usually catapults it into the larger consciousness. But with great power comes great responsibility. When I interviewed Ayushmann about Article 15, he said that it was an artistes responsibility to do a film like this. He added that the success of Andhadhun and Badhaai Ho last year and Shubh Mangal Saavdhan and Bareilly Ki Barfi the year before gave him the courage to do Article 15 and that he wasnt invested in how it ultimately fared at the box office. The social responsibility of an artiste is an ongoing debate but we definitely need them to make braver choices. A studio head told me that male actors especially are caught in the trap of opening-day figures. Ayushmann also admitted that it was tough to find a love interest for the sequel, Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan, in which he plays a gay character. After all, if you need to beat the record-breaking first day collections of Salman Khan (Rs 42 crore for Bharat) or Aamir Khan (Rs 50 crore for Thugs of Hindostan), how much can you experiment? So its important to applaud Ayushmann, who, since Vicky Donor in 2012, has been pushing the boundaries of what is permissible in a mainstream Hindi film. He has constructed a career on risky choices, and with every success he has helped to expand the limits for actors and filmmakers. May his tribe increase </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 29, 2019 08:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-shares-glam-monokini-pic-in-expectation-vs-reality-post-cracks-up-her-fans/story-O5LY4RWyrTKhoBJ4eBughK.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra shares glam monokini pic in expectation vs reality post, cracks up her fans</title>
<body >Actor Priyanka Chopra has been in self-isolation with her husband Nick Jonas in their Los Angeles home for more than two months now. She has been utilising her time effectively at home - creating awareness on coronavirus and its spread and learning news skills. In between, she also puts out fun posts, like she did on Sunday. Taking to Instagram, she posted two pictures of herself and joked about how expectation and reality are quite different. She captioned it: Expectation vs. Reality  @divya_jyoti. In one, she is in a pink monokini, looking ultra glamorous while, in the other, she can be seen in a white laced skirt and blouse, with her faced overed with a white cloth as she snoozes on a couch. Among those who reacted to the picture was her friend and industry colleague, actor Mindy Kaling, who dropped a bunch of laughing face emojis. Her fans also dropped laughing face and fire emojis. View this post on Instagram           Expectation vs. Reality - @divya_jyoti A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 23, 2020 at 2:53pm PDT Expectation vs. Reality - @divya_jyoti A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 23, 2020 at 2:53pm PDT Priyanka has been posting quite a few throwback videos and pictures, like she did recently when she shared a clip of her song Tinka Tinka from her 2005 film, Karam. She wrote: Tinka Tinka is a song from one of my earlier films Karam (Deed). It released 2005. For those who might not know, Hindi films use playback singers for most actors and Ive had the fortune to have some amazing singers lend their voice to my films over the years. But when this song was released, most thought it was me...But in fact it was the voice of one of my favorite singers @alishachinaiofficial... she complimented my tone so well. Thank you Alisha. Also read: When Dharmendra broke down during Esha Deols vidaai, mother Hema Malini hugged her goodbye. Watch video Recalling her Cannes appearance last year, she had recently written: This time last year. My first Cannes. Earlier this month, she had also shared a throwback video where she could be seen dancing. She took to Instagram to share the make-up room video, getting ready for a magazine photoshoot. Dancing into the weekend. There is always something to be grateful for. #flashbackfriday #getyourfreakon, she wrote in the caption. (With agencies inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 11:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/step-inside-shah-rukh-khan-and-gauri-khan-s-elegant-sea-facing-home-mannat-with-these-pics/story-5bWSoQ123GooDyBTuE1suK.html</url>
<title>Step inside Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khans elegant sea-facing home Mannat with these pics</title>
<body >Its one thing to have a nice home and totally another when it becomes the biggest tourist landmark of your city. Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khans home Mannat is perhaps the most iconic house in all of Mumbai where thousands of fans arrive every day for a selfie with the Bollywood star on a lucky day. Mostly, they have to make do with a picture of the pristine pillars of the palatial home of the worlds most successful actor. As beautiful as it is on the outside with its Roman style architecture and tall white pillars, its actually the inside that holds the most charm. Gauri, who is an interior designer herself, has been the one beautifying her home. Speaking to Vogue about her home, she had said, I dont like minimalist spaces. I love things that are warm, eclectic, personal and collectible. My home has been built gradually over years of collecting stuff that I feel passionately about. Its essential to make something your own.    And so her house hosts many leather chairs and couches, dark wood floors, white marble floors, golden and bronze accents and more details that add to the luxe idea of the space. The family has a study specially for Shah Rukh which houses all his many award trophies, his books and is also the space where he hosts his meetings. They also have a mini theatre with red walls and 42 comfy red recliner seats. The walls are adorned with posters of old Hindi classics. Also Watch | Betaal interview: Viineet on working with SRK, Jitendra Joshi on Sacred Gamres prequel    There is also the green and airy terrace, the familys favourite space to hang out. Gauri has often shared pictures of playtime with AbRam at the terrace and recently, Suhana, too, did her birthday photoshoot there. Also see: Kuch Kuch Hota Hai fans cant keep calm as Archana Puran Singh aka Miss Braganza shares message for Anupam Khers Malhotra   Gauri says all her three kids have helped her design the home, brining their own personal style to their rooms. This is a house with no rules. I have never had any decrees for homework or mealtimes. I was always home when my kids came back from school. It is important for me to just be there for them, she said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/twinkle-khanna-remembers-her-nani-on-eid-in-emotional-post-our-hearts-and-table-have-too-many-empty-spaces/story-yKtJYhnG8TKPKRtYc6Nb2O.html</url>
<title>Twinkle Khanna remembers her nani on Eid in emotional post: Our hearts and table have too many empty spaces</title>
<body >Writer Twinkle Khanna has shared a picture of her familys Eid feast, along with a note of remembrance for her late grandmother, Betty Kapadia. Twinkle wrote that she associates Eid with  her nanis kichda. She wrote on Instagram on Monday, We rarely made biryani on Eid. Our treat was always Nanis delicious Kichda and decorated envelopes with our Eidi. This year, our hearts and our table have too many empty spaces without her to fill it all up. #eidmubarak. The picture shows a plate of the Eid delicacy, along with several accompaniments. View this post on Instagram           We rarely made biryani on Eid. Our treat was always Nanis delicious Kichda and decorated envelopes with our Eidi. This year, our hearts and our table have too many empty spaces without her to fill it all up. #eidmubarak A post shared by  Twinkle Khanna (@twinklerkhanna) on May 24, 2020 at 10:47pm PDT We rarely made biryani on Eid. Our treat was always Nanis delicious Kichda and decorated envelopes with our Eidi. This year, our hearts and our table have too many empty spaces without her to fill it all up. #eidmubarak A post shared by  Twinkle Khanna (@twinklerkhanna) on May 24, 2020 at 10:47pm PDT Twinkles post has been liked close to 50000 times. Eid Mubarak, several people wished her in the comments section, while others wrote about how pretty her picture was. Twinkles grandmother, Betty, died at the age of 80 in 2019. She had been diagnosed with a respiratory disorder. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Twinkle Khanna (@twinklerkhanna) on Dec 4, 2019 at 1:19am PST  A post shared by  Twinkle Khanna (@twinklerkhanna) on Dec 4, 2019 at 1:19am PST Several Bollywood actors took to social media to extend their Eid wishes to fans. Priyanka Chopra wrote, Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating around the world. I wish for you and your families strength, peace and happiness in these uncertain times. #EidMubarak. Sara Ali Khan shared pictures of herself in a hijab, as a child and an adult, and wrote, Eid Mubarak #staysafe #stayhome #staypositive. Also read: Eid 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Sara Ali Khan wish Eid mubarak, Sonam Kapoor says Thank you for praying for us Sonam Kapoor, meanwhile, shared an old picture of herself, and wrote, Eid Mubarak my brothers and sisters, may this years trials and tribulations become foundations of a better tomorrow. Thank you for praying for us this whole holy month of Ramazan . Have a blessed Eid. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 12:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/he-asked-dhoni-to-play-carefully-as-coach-was-playing-different-games-harbhajan-singh-on-greg-chappell/story-jEMUBGd2nTelhUbIYnbOFJ.html</url>
<title>Coach was playing different games: Harbhajan Singh on worst days of India cricket</title>
<body >Its safe to say former India captain Sourav Ganguly and Greg Chappell  did not go along that well. The current BCCI president had lost his captaincy and was even dropped from the Indian side when Chappell was Indias head coach. What was worse was the fact that Chappells email sent to BCCI complaining about Ganguly got leaked, taking the matter to a different level altogether. But Ganguly wasnt the only one who had his issues with the former Australian batsman. India off-spinner Harbhajan Singh on Wednesday termed Chappells era as the worst days of Indian cricket. Responding to a Hindustantimes.com article on Indias two-time World Cup-winning captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni where Chappell stated he used to advice the young Dhoni to play along the ground more instead of trying to hit every ball to the boundary, Harbhajan tweeted: He asked Dhoni to play along the ground coz coach was hitting everyone out the park.. He was playing different games. He followed his tweet with a hashtag #worstdaysofindiancricketundergreg. He asked Dhoni to play along the ground coz coach was hitting everyone out the park.. He was playing different games #worstdaysofindiancricketundergreg  https://t.co/WcnnZbHqSx Harbhajan Turbanator (@harbhajan_singh) May 13, 2020 He asked Dhoni to play along the ground coz coach was hitting everyone out the park.. He was playing different games #worstdaysofindiancricketundergreg  https://t.co/WcnnZbHqSx Chappell who became Indias head coach in May 2005, quit in 2007 just two days after claiming he wont. Chappell had sent out an email to BCCI on April 2007 to announce his sudden resignation. Also Read | Management didnt like me: Yuvraj Singh names IPL team he wanted to run away from Under Chappell India bowed out of the group stages off the ODI World Cup 2007 but also had the record of winning most number of ODIs while chasing at that time. Earlier, Chappell said that M.S. Dhoni is the most powerful batsman he has ever seen. Chappell was coach of the Indian team for two controversy-riddled years between 2005 and 2007 in which he clashed with several senior members of the team, especially then-captain and current Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) President Sourav Ganguly. His time, however, was also known for the rise of several younger players in the squad including Dhoni and Suresh Raina. I vividly remember that I was left awestruck when I saw him batting for the first time. He was definitely the most exciting cricketer in India at that time. He used to hit the ball from the most unusual positions. He is the most powerful batsman I have ever seen, said Chappell during a chat session on the Facebook handle of the Playwrite Foundation. I remember his knock of 183 against Sri Lanka and how he tore them apart. It was power hitting at its very best. The next match was in Pune. I asked MS, why dont you play along the ground more instead of trying to hit every ball to the boundary. We were chasing 260-odd and were in a good position and Dhoni was playing a contrasting innings to the one he had played just a couple of days before. We still needed 20 runs to win and Dhoni asked me, through 12th man R.P. Singh if he could hit sixes. I told him not until the target was in single digit. When we needed six runs to win, he finished the game with a six, he said. (With agency inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 14, 2020 09:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/your-career-will-be-over-curtly-ambrose-recalls-when-he-threatened-to-knock-out-steve-waugh/story-UHH9B5jRkpABk8YiGEyiaI.html</url>
<title>Your career will be over: Curtly Ambrose recalls when he threatened to knock out Steve Waugh</title>
<body >West Indies legend Sir Curtly Ambrose recalled the time when he got into a heated argument with former Australia captain Steve Waugh during a Test match in Trinidad in 1995. Ambrose, who picked up 405 wickets in 98 Tests, was known for his quiet demeanour on the pitch. But a few words from Waugh riled him up in the 3rd Test against Australia in 1995, and he threatened to knock out the batsman. Speaking on Sky Sports Cricket Podcast with former West Indies quick Ian Bishop, Ambrose said: Steve Waugh and I had our battles over the years. He was a tough competitor and I have a lot of respect for him but in that particular game he said something to me that I didnt like. Also Read | Dhoni said Id bowl to Sachin in middle overs: How MSDturned IPL final Initially I ignored it, as in the heat of the battle you can say things, but after a break something just snapped, he further said. The incident occurred during the first day of the third Test at Queens Park Oval in Port of Spain, Trinidad back in 1995. Ambrose had to be physically restrained by his captain Richie Richardson after tempers flared. I asked him, did you say so and so to me? He didnt say yes, he didnt say no. He just said I can say anything I want to say which to me was a yes. I decided I deserved more respect so I had a few choice words for him. Also Read | He can be as good as Bradman: Lee picks between Kohli and Smith I said my cricket career could be over right this minute, it doesnt make a difference to me, but your career will be over, too, because Ill knock you out and you wont be able to play anymore. There were a few expletives in between obviously, Ambrose added. The bowling legend added that he met Waugh a few times after the incident, but the two never talked about it. I was upset as I deserved more respect - but it started and ended there. I have seen him a few times since and we have never spoken about it, he said. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/would-be-great-for-cricket-pat-cummins-wants-ipl-in-october-if-t20-world-cup-is-postponed/story-8LfvkoWNFbtkMDIQbTKBjI.html</url>
<title>Would be great for cricket: Pat Cummins wants IPL in October if T20 World Cup is postponed</title>
<body >A lot has been said regarding the status of the T20 World Cup in Australia and the Indian Premier League. While it was decided by the BCCI that IPL is going to be postponed indefinitely, there has been talk on holding it in October or November if the World Cup is postponed. It has been reported that the T20 World Cup in Australia might be postponed to 2022 owing to the COVID-19 pandemic. It is expected that a decision will be to be formalised when the International Cricket Councils all-powerful board holds a teleconference on Thursday. On the back drop of that news, Australian pacer Pat Cummins made the statement on Wednesday that IPL would be great for cricket if the T20 World Cup is postponed by ICC. READ| He is an entire package: Ian Bishop heaps praise on Indian bowler That would be nice ... the IPL would be a great fit, Cummins told reporters here as quoted by wwos.nine.com.au. (Its) T20, brings together the best players in the world... it would be great for cricket. You have millions and millions around the world watching that format and Im sure this year could potentially be even more after a long break off cricket, said Cummins who was roped in by Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) for a whopping Rs 15.5 crores. Theres a lot of reasons why I want it to go ahead, but the main one is its a great tournament, added the 27-year old No.1 ranked Test bowler. The meeting on Thursday will see a discussion between the board members regarding the future of cricket in the post-Covid world. There is a good chance that postponement of World T20 will be decided during Thursdays board meeting. Whether there will be a formal announcement or not is the question, an ICC board member told PTI on conditions of anonymity. READ| Your career will be over: Curtly Ambrose recalls when he threatened to knock out Steve Waugh There is very little chance of World T20 going ahead in this situation. I dont think either Cricket Australia or the top boards will mind, he added. After it emerged that the novel coronavirus has griped India, the government announced a lockdown in the country. This led to the postponement of the cash-rich Indian Premier League with the BCCI looking at different dates for holding the tournament. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-won-t-back-down-from-stand-off-with-china-at-lac/story-gUeGveAsBgYkyFwMGdDr2J.html</url>
<title>India matches up to Chinas military in standoff near Karakoram Pass</title>
<body >India has decided to not back down from a standoff with China -- along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh -- that centres around a strategic bridge being built near Daulat Beg Oldi, the last military post south of the Karakoram Pass,  and has moved troops to counter Chinese forces stationed in the region, according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be named. The idea is to not allow any alteration of Indian  territory and to face the Chinese challenge with strength and restraint, the people cited above said on Tuesday against the backdrop of a high-level security meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The PM met National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) Gen Bipin Rawat to assess the situation along the LAC amid a tense stand-off between thousands of Indian and Chinese troops, especially in Galwan Valley and Pangong Lake in eastern Ladakh. The CDS briefed PM Modi on the military inputs and suggestions to handle the situation in Ladakh. The bottom line is that we will not allow any change in the status quo on the LAC. That we will not permit, said one of the people cited above, who spoke on condition of anonymity. We have faced similar situations in the past, and we will face this situation with strength and restraint, the person added. In many ways, Indias position is a reiteration of the stance it adopted during the 73-day standoff at Doklam in 2017, when Indian troops dug in and stood their ground in the face of a rapid mobilisation by the Chinese side. Indian security officials said that the focus of the Chinese action in the area was to dominate the region and deter India from completing the Darbuk-Shyok-Daulat Beg Oldi road, which, once fully metalled, will give India a major advantage in terms of access and military mobilisation. A key part of this is the construction of a bridge at Daulat Beg Oldi that China wants to stop. India has decided to stand up to China -- in terms of troops, capacity and resources, one of the officials said on condition of anonymity, adding that this included the induction of specialised forces in the area. China is believed to have marshalled close to 5,000 soldiers on its side of Ladakh sector. The situation in the Sikkim sector, meanwhile, has eased off, the official added. The people cited in the first instance also reiterated the external affairs ministrys comment of May 22 that all activities by Indian troops were on the Indian side of the LAC in the Ladakh and Sikkim sectors. They repeated the ministrys accusation that it was Chinese troops that were hindering normal patrolling by Indian forces on the Indian side of the LAC. The Indian troops are fully familiar with the alignment of the LAC. The Chinese have raised similar objections and made similar attempts [to hinder the activity of Indian troops] in the past too. Their motives and intentions in the current circumstances are not clear, one of the persons said. But we are very firm and very clear  there have no violations by us, the person added. A second person, who too spoke on condition of anonymity, said Indias construction activities in forward areas will not stop because of the standoff. The issue is being dealt with on the Indian side by the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS), chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and CDS General Bipin Rawat, a senior official aware of the matter said. Indian and Chinese soldiers are eyeball-to-eyeball at four locations along the LAC and several rounds of talks between local military commanders have failed to end the standoff that began with a violent confrontation between rival patrols three weeks ago near Pangong Lake. The standoff is also expected to figure prominently on the agenda of the three-day army commanders conference that begins on Wednesday, officials said. Army chief Gen Manoj Mukund Naravane will chair the meeting. The apex level leadership of the Indian Army will brainstorm on current emerging security and administrative challenges and chart the future course for the army, an army spokesperson said. Defence minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday reviewed the situation in the Ladakh sector of the LAC during a meeting with the chief of defence staff and the three service chiefs. The Border Roads Organisation (BRO) plans to complete all 61 strategic roads assigned to it along the border with China by December 2022, officials said. These roads are spread across Arunachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Sikkim, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, and will allow swifter mobilisation of troops and stores to forward areas. HT was the first to report on May 10 about tensions flaring between India and China in north Sikkim, where 150 soldiers were involved in a tense clash a day earlier. Four Indian and seven Chinese soldiers were injured at Naku La during the confrontation. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/army-chief-naravane-s-2012-prophecy-on-chinese-strategy-rings-true-in-ladakh-sector/story-OsfNk1vmIWOQHHNGHGzHcI.html</url>
<title>Army Chief Naravanes 2012 prophecy on Chinese strategy rings true in Ladakh sector</title>
<body >Back in the autumn of 2012, a senior faculty member at the Mhow-based Army War College published a paper on the Chinas war zone campaign (WZC). Beijing would, the army officer argued, seek to coerce smaller adversaries into acceding to Chinas demand through graded threat of force or actual use of force till its ends are met. The officer, then Brigadier Manoj Mukund Naravane, wrote that the political objective of this Chinese concept is unveiled by occupation of certain un-held tract of land or high value targets. This would be done through elite forces. The first would be the domination-cum-deterrence (DCD) phase where the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) would focus on building up its presence in the territory in question to deter the enemy. In the second phase, Gaining Initiative by Striking First (GISF), it would deploy rapid reaction units to strike first to wrest the initiative from the enemy. The last stage is the Quick Battle Quick Resolution where the PLA would use a dedicated division level force. But the PLA, the senior army officer said in his seminal paper published in Scholar Warrior, a journal published by the Delhi-based think tank Center For Land Warfare Studies, expects to achieve its objective in the first two phases. As the Indian Army Chief now, General Manoj Mukund Naravane is faced with a WZC situation along the 3,488 kilometre long Line of Actual Control (LAC) with PLA opening multiple fronts in western and eastern sectors while the world including India battles the Covid-19 pandemic that has its origins in central Chinas Wuhan city. The Chinese aggressive manoeuvres also entail the PLA moving support elements in depth areas of eastern Ladakh. Also read | Chinas tactical play in Ladakh isnt just about the boundary Although Gen Naravane didnt refer to it in his 2012 paper, national security planners say the key to the Chinese WZC concept is deception coupled with state of the art intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) capabilities. The top army officer was clear that the only way to counter the WZC strategy is to thwart Chinese designs in the initial two, DCD and GISF, stages. Beijing did have the initial advantage when it moved soldiers to Galwan Valley and Pangong Tso in eastern Ladakh. The Chinese army had built roads right up to their claim line and could move in troops quickly, once it decided to activate them. This advantage now stands neutralised with Indian force levels building up over the past weeks. The Indian Army is also staring at the aggressor with troops holding their positions and not allowing the Red Army to brow beat them at Galwan Valley and Pangong Tso. Top government officials told Hindustan Times that the security establishment did realise that Indias northern borders would remain turbulent for some time to come after New Delhi decided to upgrade its border infrastructure in 2014. For decades, India had been debating the extent and pace of creating border infrastructure along the Line of Actual Control with China. Beijing, meanwhile, kept building railway tracks and roads. Also read | Experts raise concern over Ladakh face-off This meant that the Chinese PLA patrols along the border often went uncontested. This started to change after India matching up the build up to a degree and earmarking its claim line through regular patrols. And this friction is expected to continue unless both sides exchange maps of their respective positions in both the eastern and the western sector. The situation in the middle sector is far better after both sides exchanged maps in 2002. So both sides now know the exact disputed territory. The western sector maps were shared but never exchanged at the behest of Chinese; the eastern sector maps were not even shared. While China openly covets Arunachal Pradesh as its territory, its long term game in eastern Ladakh could be to cut through Galwan-Murgo axis to provide an all weather alternative to the Karakoram highway, which enters Pakistan through Khunjerab Pass and not Karakoram pass north of Indian positions of Daulet Beg Oldi. However, with the Indian Army digging into its positions to face the aggressor, the long drawn out mobilization may not work for the PLA as the law of diminishing returns comes into play like in the protracted 1979 Sino-Vietnam war. Status quo ante is the only viable option as it leaves both sides with a win-win situation. Also read | China to evacuate citizens from India amid pandemic, rising border tension </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 22:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/china-s-tactical-play-in-ladakh-isn-t-just-about-the-boundary-analysis/story-aJy8XQDURYzT6nN70GsxzK.html</url>
<title>Chinas tactical play in Ladakh isnt just about the boundary</title>
<body >In the wake of the economic slowdown owing to the Covid-19 pandemic in China, paramount leader Xi Jinping and the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) are facing one of the biggest crises since the party came to power in 1949. The challenges before the party and the leader are being deliberated since May 22 at the National Peoples Congress and a parallel Chinese Peoples Consultative Conference, the most powerful political advisory body in the country. The move is already on to pre-emptively counter any dissatisfaction in handling the pandemic and the consequent surge in economic distress. While there is no political challenge to President Xi, who is also the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, it is the economic collapse that Beijing fears coupled with growing resentment against China, fuelling nationalism and the kindling of old Chinese fears against foreign threats. While the NPC was called to deliberate on the next five-year development plan, the session will also provide a platform to President Xi to respond both domestically and internationally to the pandemic. The expected message will be conciliatory to the domestic audience, while the international assertion can be expected to be robust and defiant. It is in this context that the current stand-off between India and China at multiple points along the 3,488 kilometre Line of Actual Control in eastern Ladakh and Sikkim should be seen. The Chinese move is multi-pronged as it not only diverts attention from the domestic economic crisis, Hong Kong and Taiwan, but is also engineered to paint India as a villain constantly at odds with Pakistan and more recently, Nepal. With China believing that India is catalyzing resentment against Beijing over poor handling of the pandemic that originated in Wuhan, the Peoples Liberation Armys tactical play along the LAC is also seen by its people as teaching a lesson to the Gweilo Club and its perceived proxies. The use of party tabloid Global Times to paint India as an aggressor in Sikkim and Ladakh also is designed to force India to reassess its strategy of perceived alignment with the US against China. Even though the PLA is using a 1960 map released by then Premier Chou En Lai to present the cartographic expansion in Ladakh, there is little resemblance of the ground situation to either 1962 skirmishes or 1999 incursions in Kargil sector. The only coincidence is that President Xi may use the Ladakh military option to divert attention of his domestic audience, just as the then Chinese leader Mao Zedong used the 1962 skirmish to cover the massive Chinese famine due to failure of the Great Leap Forward revolution. Another Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping used the 1979 border war with Vietnam to divert internal dissatisfaction before embarking on economic recovery of the middle kingdom. While Ladakh may tactically serve the political objectives of Beijing, India under Prime Minister Narendra Modi is no pushover. It is the third largest market after the US and ASEAN, and could even be the key to economic revival of China. Militarily, it serves neither the interest of China nor India to raise the red flag as there will be huge economic and political costs to such a move. Pakistan and Nepal dont add up to cost-benefit analysis. And the Doklam stand-off message did not exactly work with Bhutan in 2017. The fact is after the construction of strategic Darbuk-Shyok-DBO road in eastern Ladakh and rapid construction of strategic roads in both the middle and eastern sector, it is China that is concerned about Indias military objectives. At present, both sides are matching on the ground, whether it is Galwan valley or Pangong Tso lake and are constantly talking to each other through institutionalised diplomatic and military channels. With the LAC being undefined by nature at least in the western and eastern sector, the option of emphasizing its own cartographic interpretation is also available to the Indian Army. Even though China is playing to its long-term plan to use the LAC to destabilise India, Delhi does need to get its act together when it comes to Beijing as any conciliatory move with the best of intentions will be viewed as a sign of weakness. Rather than leave it to its military or diplomatic commanders, the two leaders need to have a candid conversation on the lines of the Wuhan or Mahabalipuram dialogue to carry out course corrections and take the bilateral relationship beyond third party suspicions. This may sound simple but is terribly complex as another challenge is looming on the horizon with Tibetan leader in exile Dalai Lama, now 84 years old, and still without a designated reincarnation. The Dalai Lamas nomination of Panchen Lama, the second most important priest after Dalai, is now 31 and still under the Chinese Communist Partys tutelage since he went missing on May 17, 1995. Given the scale of problems involved and its impact on sovereignty of both the countries, the only option left is for PM Narendra Modi and President Xi Jinping to keep communication channels open 24 X 7. Because the NPC may get over on 28 May but Chinas bilateral troubles with India wont. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 12:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/resolution-of-the-doklam-stand-off-is-a-case-study-on-how-to-deal-with-china/story-IqDFXSglANE4GoRzoUEP6M.html</url>
<title>Resolution of the Doklam stand-off is a case study on how to deal with China</title>
<body >As Prime Minister Narendra Modi heads to Xiamen in South East China for the BRICS summit, he is confident that the resolution of two-month old Doklam stand-off between the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) and the Indian Army in Bhutan has gone into annals of military history. The resolution of the Doklam stand-off has now become a case study on how to deal with China, the rising global power, with the Modi government employing deft, principled diplomacy and steely military resolve to checkmate hardline PLA generals in Beijing. While New Delhi has no intentions of chest thumping over the successful resolution and has taken Foreign Minister Wang Yis statement on Thursday most positively, the trouble in Doklam and the Sikkim sector started much before the stand-off  last week of May. The Chinese strategy was focused on 89 square kilometres of the Doklam plateau, 42 square kilometres on Sinchulimpa and 138 square kilometres of Gin, Shakhatoe and Dramana pasture lands all of them disputed with Indias core ally Bhutan. Unilateral accession of territory in the Doklam plateau would allow the Chinese better military penetration of the Siliguri corridor much to Indias chagrin and a change in the status of Sinchulimpa, Gin, Shakhatoe and Dramana would give strategic width to the PLA, sandwiched between Sikkim and Bhutan. The PLAs aggressive play in this disputed region led to an unsuccessful border personnel meeting between the local commanders of the two armies early June. This escalated into destruction of two Indian bunkers at Dokha La on June 8 with the stand-off resulting after the PLA moved road construction machines on Doklam plateau on June 16 with the Indian Army moving in support of the Royal Bhutanese Army. The Modi government here displayed resolute decision-making with the then Eastern Army Commander Lt Gen Parveen Bakshi given verbal instructions to take action as deemed fit to control the situation. The fact is that it was fast Indian military decision-making that quietly contributed to the resolution with Army Chief Gen Bipin Rawat, General Bakshi and newly- appointed Army commander Lt Gen Abhay Krishna personally monitoring the ground situation in Sikkim under the guidance of National Security Advisor Ajit Doval. The Corps Commanders under the Eastern Army Command were briefed in early July to prepare for all eventualities. Parallel to this, the diplomatic line to Beijing was handled directly by Foreign Secretary Subrahmanyam Jaishankar without any help from the Chinese Ambassador to India. With Chinese media going ballistic and their Indian counterparts preparing for war scenarios, the PLA was overtly deployed swiftly in Tibet to stare down the Modi government. The Indian deployment was largely covert  based on the intelligence collected by American P 8I reconnaissance planes and satelliteswith enough teeth to handle the worst-case scenario. While the situation was unstable at the border with Bhutan getting caught between two military giants, Doval and Jaishankar kept their lines open with their counterparts with General Rawat leading from the front to counter any further Chinese PLA incursion along the 3,488- kilometre long Line of Actual Control (LAC). During the two-month long stand-off, many a military assessment took a knocking with the Chinese PLA surpassing all expectations in deployment and Indian Army fluidly countering the PLA manoeuvre and in position for the worst. The Chinese deployment was based on newly-created Warzone Concept under informed conditions with battlefield commanders having access to real-time intelligence and parallel information warfare launched by the state media. The Chinese idea was to stare India down but Modi stared back and successfully. New Delhi played to a plan with Modi and his Defence Minister Arun Jaitley resisting all temptations to verbally counter threatening statements from Beijing and diplomatic underlings. NSA Doval with Foreign Secretary Jaishankar spearheaded the effort from Delhi with both keeping their mobile phones as far away from them as possible for the fear of interception. Both the poker-faced Indian experts keep reiterating to their Chinese counterparts that the Doklam issue should be resolved through talks with third-party Bhutan and that Beijing was wrong in unilaterally altering the status on ground. Although it is still early days to understand the full ramifications of the Doklam stand-off, it has set a template on how mature and resolute powers can stand up to aggressive behaviour of a State, which wants to unilaterally change the status on ground and on high seas. States like Japan and others in the ASEAN region will draw succour from the Doklam resolution as they have been at the receiving end of China whether it was Senkaku-Diaoyu Island dispute in the East China Sea or the Paracels-Spratley Island dispute in the South China Sea. The immediate fallout of Doklam is going to be grudging respect from South Asian countries towards Indian play and positive delight from the ASEAN leaders  all of whom are the chief guests as the 2018 Republic Day. With the unique exception of Vietnam in 1979, no country has shown the gumption to stand up to the global military aspirations of Beijing. This does not mean that India will show counter aggression on the LAC or employ strong arm tactics. It is in Indian interests like the Chinese to develop bilateral trust as the areas of mutual cooperation outweigh the differences by miles. Given the unsettled border, the Indian and Chinese armies need to exercise regularly so that each understands the ethos of the other with military communications kept constantly open to resolve any dispute. The Modi government is clear that it is all for promoting bilateral interests with China without any territorial concession till the border issue is resolved to the satisfaction of the two competing states. One thing is clear from the Doklam stand-off and the 2016 surgical strikes: PM Modi can play the game of military brinkmanship and win it. </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 01, 2017 13:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/when-india-and-china-clashed-in-ladakh-s-galwan-valley-weeks-before-1962-war/story-kjcsT7ILMvbizrOriFuI7L.html</url>
<title>Ladakh sectors Galwan Valley and its history in Sino-India relations</title>
<body >The Chinese government often says the border dispute with India is a legacy of history.  The dispute has influenced bilateral ties between New Delhi and Beijing for nearly 70 years despite dozens of rounds of negotiations over the years. Archival documents from 1962 reveal tit-for-tat allegations by India and China on soldiers trespassing in Ladakh sectors Galwan Valley -- where the most recent standoff took place. The Galwan Valley region, which China claims is part of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, is part of the 3,488 km long border dispute. Through the summer of 1962, barely weeks before the two neighbours fought a war, India and China went back-and-forth on their troops trespassing across the border in the Galwan Valley region. Several letters were exchanged between the foreign ministries through embassies in New Delhi and Beijing. The rhetoric flew thick-and-fast and within months both countries were fighting the border war of 1962. The language in those letters exchanged remain almost identical to official exchanges now. In a letter from the Chinese foreign ministry handed over to the Indian embassy in Beijing on July 23, 1962, Beijing laid out its allegations. According to frontier guards in Sinkiang, (Xinjiang) China, there occurred recently another two serious cases of Indian troops intruding into Chinese territory and firing provocatively at Chinese frontier guards, excerpts from the letter said. It continued: Several dozens of Indian troops intruded recently into Chinese territory south of the Galwan river had reached a placewhere they attempted to entrench themselves permanently. At 17:35 hours on July 19, the said Indian troops unwarrantedly fired provocatively at Chinese patrol nearby. The Chinese patrol took no action against the provocation. If the Chinese guards had not remained cool and exercised self-restrain, the above two new cases of provocation would most probably have led to armed clashes. The Chinese Government hereby lodges a serious protest with the Government of India against the two cases, the letter said. The Indian government responded swiftly. In a letter to the Chinese embassy, August 3, 1962, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) rejected the allegations. The Government of India has carefully investigated all the three allegations and has found them to be without any basis whatsoeverThe GOI notes in this connection that all the three areas referred to by the Chinese government lie well within India territory. It is clear from this that such intrusions as have occurred, have in fact been committed by Chinese forces and not by Indian troops. The Indian border defence forces have, despite provocation by Chinese forces throughout shown considerable patience and self-restraint. While rejecting the Chinese note, the Government of India would once again press upon the Chinese Government the urgent necessity of issuing immediate instructions to all Chinese forces to desist from provocative action of any kind and to withdraw from Indian territory. The very next day, on August 4, 1962, China shot off another dispatch to India. In disregard of the repeated protests of the Chinese government, the Indian side has not only refused to withdraw its troops which have intruded into the Galwan river valley in Sinkiang, China, and menacingly surrounded the Chinese frontier guards there but set up another military strongpoint on Chinese territory south of Galwan river, excerpt from the letter said. India dismissed the allegations on August 8 in a letter to the Chinese embassy. ...There is no truth whatsoever in these allegations. On the contrary whenever an instance of this nature has arisen, it has invariably been due to Chinese forces intruding in Indian territory and shooting at Indian border forces. The Government of India has protested about two such incidentsOn both occasions the Indian forces exercises great self-restrain and did not return the Chinese fire, said part of the letter. Similar exchanges continued for weeks until the 1962 Sino-Indian war, the legacy of which will continue to shadow ties for a long time to come. </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 15:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/-think-well-die-of-hungernashik-farmers-unable-to-sell-onions-at-fair-prices-video/video-0ohNhX9uwm1QQC0gWbaKFN.html</url>
<title>Think well die of hunger: Nashik farmers unable to sell onions at fair prices</title>
<body >Onion farmers in Maharashtras Nashik are facing hardships amid covid-19 lockdown. Farmers are not getting the right price for their produce. A farmer said that they are getting half the price compared to what they would get earlier. He said, Im hardly being able to meet my expenses. I dont understand what to do. I think well die of hunger. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/up-cm-yogi-adityanath-visits-lucknow-hospital-inspects-medical-arrangementsvideo/video-oupIS1dCS7EZXkOEOFKzXL.html</url>
<title>UP CM Yogi Adityanath visits Lucknow hospital, inspects medical arrangements</title>
<body >Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath visits Ram Manohar Lohia Institutes of Medical Siences in Lucknow on Wednesday. The UP CM inspected the arrangements at the hospital regarding Covid-19. Adityanath interacted with patients and healthcare workers in the hospital. Covid-19 cases in UP crossed 6,500 as of Tuesday with 170 deaths and 2,600 recovered. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/rahul-gandhi-talks-with-harvard-global-health-institutes-director-dr-ashish-jha-on-covid19video/video-6wiDa2mFysuMlhMOY3CWPP.html</url>
<title>Authorities should utilize this time to: Expert to Rahul Gandhi on lockdown</title>
<body >Congress leader Rahul Gandhi held a dialogue with Harvard Global Health Institutes Director Dr Ashish Jha on covid-19 crisis. Speaking on lockdown, Jha said, You can slow down the virus through a lockdown, but it has great economic repercussions. But authorities should utilise that time to prepare their testing infrastructure. Its about planning everything for the time thats coming. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid-19-who-warns-1st-wave-far-from-over-icmr-removes-price-cap-on-tests/video-EP7NeX8UXYG4tpRROjiI4K.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: WHO warns 1st wave far from over, ICMR removes price cap on tests</title>
<body >Hindustan Times National Political Editor, Sunetra Choudhury brings you the top stories you need to know. Sunetra talks about the number of covid-19 cases in India, WHOs warning to South Asia and South America, politics in Maharashtra amid pandemic, charge sheets filed against 82 foreign Jamaat participants and more. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid-update-china-prepares-for-war-indigo-crew-grounded-karnataka-temples/video-Ip7B944DjUUWul0sDjQBhK.html</url>
<title>Covid update: China prepares for war; IndiGo crew grounded; Karnataka temples</title>
<body >From Chinese President Xi Jinpings appeal to his army to prepare for war, to Maharashtra witnessing its highest one-day death toll so far - here are the top ten news updates on the Covid-19 pandemic. IndiGo airlines grounded the crew of its Chennai-Coimbatore flight after a passenger was found to be infected. The Karnataka government has decided to reopen temples from June 1. The Supreme Court finally decided to take up the issue of migrant workers. Watch the full video for more updates on the spread of the Sars-Cov-2 coronavirus. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/weightlifting-federation-nominates-khel-ratna-recipient-mirabai-chanu-for-arjuna-award/story-UjdpjwJQNjHbWLbsKAxz1L.html</url>
<title>Weightlifting federation nominates Khel Ratna recipient Mirabai Chanu for Arjuna award</title>
<body >In an unusual move, lifter Mirabai Chanu has been nominated for the Arjuna award by the national federation though the former world champion is already a recipient of Khel Ratna, countrys highest sporting honour. The Indian Weightlifting Federation (IWLF) has nominated Chanu along with Ragala Venkat Rahul and Punam Yadav. Chanu had received the Khel Ratna along with Indian cricket team captain Virat Kohli in 2018. She was also awarded the Padma Shri  the countrys fourth-highest civilian award  the same year. The 25-year-old, who received the twin honour after winning the 2017 weightlifting world championship in USA, says there is an honour attached with the Arjuna award, so she wont mind it getting it after Khel Ratna. Also Read | Never know what she is saying: Triple H comments on Ronda Rouseys criticism of WWE fans I know Khel Ratna is the highest but I missed out on the Arjuna award earlier and I want it too. Sometimes you want all of it. Players like to get the Arjuna award, Chanu told PTI. I had also applied for Arjuna award in 2018. We had applied for both the Arjuna award and the Khel Ratna then. Asked if an athlete, who has already been awarded the Khel Ratna, can be nominated for an Arjuna Award, IWLF secretary general Sahadev Yadav said it is possible. After recovering from a back injury, which marred her progress in 2018, Chanu improved her performance, further, in 2019. Also Read | Frances Tiafoe wants to draw more black kids to tennis She lifted 86kg in snatch and a personal best of 113kg in clean and jerk for a total of 199kg at the Asian Championships in April last year but missed the bronze medal by a whisker. Her best performance came at the World championship in September, when the Manipuri breached the much anticipated 200kg mark by bettering her personal best in all three sections. In snatch, she lifted 87kg, followed by 114kg in clean and jerk for a total of 201kg. The 23-year-old Rahul, who won several medals in the junior circuit, won two gold Commonwealth Championships and also clinched the yellow metal at the 2018 Commonwealth Games. On the other hand, Punam won the silver in the Commonwealth Senior Weightlifting Championships and the gold at Gold Coast Commonwealth Games. The last weightlifter to receive the Arjuna award was two-time Commonwealth Games gold medallist Sathish Sivalingam in 2015. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/masters-programme-admission-process-for-tiss-goes-online/story-Y4qKrYn8wVKYN9YSSJYUqN.html</url>
<title>Masters programme admission process for TISS goes online</title>
<body >The Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, has restructured its admission process for Masters programmes doing away with any physical visits by candidates to the campus. The institute has cancelled the pre-interview test (PIT) and candidates will now be interviewed online, said the institute administration in a notice issued on Sunday. The TISS National Entrance Test (TISS NET) and Management Aptitude Test (TISS MAT) were conducted in January this year. However, owing to the nationwide lockdown, the institute had to defer the second stage of the admission process wherein candidates selected in the two tests had to take the PIT and visit the campus for interviews. However, the institute has now clarified that the second stage, sans the PIT, will kick off from the second week of June. TISS plans to restart the admission process from early June. Given the public health concerns and mobility challenges due to travel restrictions, it is decided to restructure the admission process. The modifications detailed below are made keeping in mind the challenges for candidates in times of Covid restrictions. These modifications are applicable only for the current admission process, read the notice. TISS deputy registrar MP Balamurugan said that the admission process has been restructured to facilitate online interviews of selected candidates. Accordingly, the scoring pattern has been modified: TISS-NET: 60% (for human resource management and organisation development, change and leadership programme, the score will be combined of TISS NET and TISS MAT in 40:20 ratio) and personal interview: 40%. The revised schedule for interviews for Mumbai, Tuljapur and Hyderabad campus is June 8 to 17, and for Guwahati campus is June 29 to July 4, 2020. The first merit list will be out on July 20 and the new academic session will kick off on August 3. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/chandrababu-naidu-s-mahanadu-conclave-attended-by-25-000-address-via-zoom/story-YNbu1hTyNre9K1zDCR0CTJ.html</url>
<title>Chandrababu Naidus Mahanadu conclave attended by 25,000, address via Zoom</title>
<body >Amid restrictions and a nationwide lockdown in place, the Telugu Desam Party began its two-day conclave  Mahanadu  on digital platform Zoom on Wednesday. The party claims the event was attended by 25,000 delegates. Held once every two years to elect the party president and other committees, it also deliberates upon various issues ranging from national to state affairs. Chandrababu Naidu addressed those delegates through Zoom webinar application. The Mahanadu is expected to adopt 13 resolutions during the two-day conclave. Technology and innovation, Naidu said, would provide solutions to any problem faced by the human society. He added, if the TDP was able to overcome limitations of social distancing during Covid-19 mandated lockdown, it was due to the early steps that the party took towards digital socialisation. Digital Mahanadu 2020 is also a part of this initiative, he said. Recounting that earlier Mahanadu conclaves used to be held in presence of thousands of activists and followers, the TDP chief said because of restrictions due to lockdown, he chose to hold an online conclave. The TDP has emerged as the first political party to hold Indias first digital political conclave, said Naidu. Stating that the TDP had to go through a very tough time in the last one year, Naidu said the party was able to fight back all the setbacks with the self-confidence of the party cadre. In an unprecedented manner, the YCRCP government had targeted the TDP leaders and cadre, attacked their financial roots, crippled their business activities and even engineered physical attacks. It was a painful year with hundreds of TDP activists being implicated in false cases and put in jail for no fault of theirs, he said. Launching a blistering attack on chief minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy and his party, he said the one-year rule of Jagan had wrecked all sections of the people: politically, socially and financially. The TDP chief alleged that CM Jagan has pushed the state economy into an irrecoverable, bankrupt situation. The TDP chief alleged that the Jagan government has not spent a single rupee on irrigation projects or launched a new one. Even the lifeline project of Polavaram, he added, has come to a halt and was now stuck in legal hurdles in the court. Naidu further alleged that Jagan s policies led to flight of investments and industries from the state, eventually causing huge loss of job opportunities to workers, youth and other sections. While several industries like Kia Motors, Hero Motors, Asian Paints and others had come to India during the TDP regime, proposed Adani Data Centre, Reliance Electronics and other industries had been shelved during the Jagan regime, he alleged. By stopping works worth thousands of crores of rupees in Amaravati Capital City, the Jagan government had caused serious harm to farmers who sacrificed their lands, said the leader, who was also the former CM of the state. While the farmers were still holding their protests braving hot summer and coronavirus lockdown, the chief minister was deriving sadistic pleasure, he alleged. The TDP wondered whether Jagan had asked for one chance from the people to destroy the state in every way possible. He deplored that Jagan had imposed an additional burden of Rs 50,000 crore on the people in the form of new taxes and hike in power tariff and liquor prices. Naidu stressed the need for both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana to sort out their differences over Krishna water sharing. Stressing the need for using latest technology, innovation and digital socialisation, Naidu called upon the TDP cadres and people of Andhra to fight back anti-development policies of the state government. Several resolutions on various subjects like coronavirus pandemic, increase of power tariff and protection of temple properties were passed through voice vote. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/karnataka-to-name-new-flyover-after-savarkar-opposition-parties-rage/story-Zp1t8AdHWOpEv9lekwEbVJ.html</url>
<title>Karnataka to name new flyover after Savarkar, opposition parties rage</title>
<body >The decision of the B S Yediyurappa-led BJP government in Karnataka to name a new flyover in Yelhanka, Bangalore in honour of V D Savarkar has been opposed by the two chief opposition parties in the state-- Congress and Janata Dal (Secular). The newly-built flyover will be inaugurated by Chief Minister Yediyurappa on Thursday, which is the 137th birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar. Senior Congress leader and leader of opposition in the Assembly, Siddaramaiah questioned the state governments move to name the flyover in honour of Savarkar saying, This is an insult to the freedom fighters of the state. The government should immediately drop this idea and this should be named in the honour of a freedom fighter from the state. This incident only shows that puppet masters behind the scenes are controlling the government rather than an elected government taking decisions. If the government genuinely wants the cooperation of opposition parties, it should drop such anti-people moves. Former chief minister and JDS leader H D Kumaraswamy also opposed the state governments move to name the flyover in Savarkars name. There are several freedom fighters from the state who fought for our independence. There are several who contributed to the states development even after independence. They could have named the flyover in the honour of any one of them? Do other states honour our freedom fighters? I request the government to reverse its current decision. However, BJP spokesperson S Prakash said that the state had taken the decision after much consideration. Accusing the Congress of never honouring anybody outside the Nehru-Gandhi family he said, Why Indira canteens? Why Rajiv Gandhi hospital? Savarkar is a giant amongst our freedom fighters. It is only a token of respect for such a great soul who sacrificed for the country. The flyover has been built at an estimated cost of Rs 34 crore and measures about 400 metres in length. State government officials said that Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) under which the flyover comes has also passed a resolution approving the naming of the flyover in honour of Savarkar. They said the CM will go ahead in inaugurating the same in spite of the protests by opposition parties. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/uttarakhand-minister-satpal-maharaj-s-residence-put-under-quarantine/story-m7CTZoS1CRSJ1hYFoTYvVP.html</url>
<title>Uttarakhand minister Satpal Maharajs residence put under quarantine</title>
<body >The private residence of Uttarakhand tourism minister Satpal Maharaj has been put under quarantine following the visit of some people from Delhi, officials have said The Dehradun district administration put a notice on the minsters house which stated that members of the house are advised to stay inside and not meet people outside from May 20 to June 3. Confirming the development, Maharaj said, The quarantine notice was put by the administration after a few of my guests came a few days ago. I am happy that the officials concerned noticed that and put the notice which is for everyones safety only. However, he clarified that the quarantine notice is for the guest house and office area of his residence which is separate from the premises where he and his family live. The area which has been quarantined has its entrance from 1/1 Circular Road while the entrance to my residence is from 13 Municipal Road in Dehradun. The premises are different with separate entrances and exits. Its nothing to be worried about for me and my family who are cautious but completely fine, said Maharaj. The minister also added that following the development, he has closed the office at his private residence and moved it to a new location. I have now opened my office in the Subhash Road area of the city with all the necessary precautions amid the pandemic, he said. The Dehradun district administration said that it had put the notice as per the norms in the ongoing lockdown. Asheesh Srivastava, district magistrate Dehradun said, We have put the guest house and office at his residence in quarantine which is towards the Circular Road area. The part where the minister lives is towards the Municipal Road, which has not been put under quarantine. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/do-not-let-differences-overshadow-relations-china-s-india-envoy-on-ties/story-cz7TkpbXC3FgsguXsJDJyI.html</url>
<title>Do not let differences overshadow relations: Chinas India envoy on ties</title>
<body >The two nations pose no threat to each other, stressed Chinese envoy in India Sun Weidong on Wednesday amid face-off between New Delhi and Beijing over the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in the Ladakh sector recently. The envoy further stressed that any differences can be solved through communication. We should never let differences overshadow our relations. We should resolve differences through communication, envoy Sun Weidong was quoted as saying by news agency ANI. The Chinese envoy underlined how the two nations are fighting the scourge of Covid-19 together and urged the youth to view each other favourably. ALSO WATCH |China hindering patrolling: India slams Beijing after Ladakh, Sikkim fistfights   China and India are fighting together against Covid-19 and we have an important task to consolidate relations. Our youth should realise the relation between China and India, the two countries are opportunities for each other and pose no threat, Weidong was quoted again by ANI. The external affairs ministry said last week the Indian side remained firmly committed to the common objective of maintaining peace and tranquillity in border areas, as this is an essential prerequisite to further development of India-China relations. On Tuesday, India, officials familiar with developments said, wont allow any alteration of the status quo on the LAC and the build-up of Chinese troops will be faced with strength and restraint. In many ways, Indias position is a reiteration of the stance it adopted during the 73-day standoff at Doklam in 2017, when Indian troops dug in and stood their ground in the face of a rapid mobilisation by the Chinese side. PM Modi also met National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and Chief of Defence Staff Gen Bipin Rawat last evening to assess the situation along the LAC amid a tense standoff between thousands of Indian and Chinese troops, especially Galwan Valley and Pangong Lake in eastern Ladakh. HT was the first to report on May 10 about tensions flaring between India and China in north Sikkim, where 150 soldiers were involved in a tense clash a day earlier. Four Indian and seven Chinese soldiers were injured at Naku La during the confrontation. Around 250 soldiers from the two sides also clashed near Pangong Lake on the night of May 5-6, with the scuffle leaving scores injured. While an immediate flare-up was avoided as both armies stuck to protocols to resolve the situation, tensions spread to other pockets along the LAC. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/rahul-spreading-lies-weakening-india-s-covid-battle-ravi-shankar-prasad/video-K02O4Z9n229CtflLQcTC2L.html</url>
<title>Rahul spreading lies, weakening Indias Covid battle: Ravi Shankar Prasad</title>
<body >As Covid cases continue to rise in the country, politics is also escalating over the issue. After Rahul Gandhi attacked the Modi government over its handling of the Covid crisis and called the lockdown a failure, now the BJP has hit back. Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that Congress ruled states were the first to announce and even extend the lockdown. He further accused the Congress MP of spreading lies to weaken Indias battle against Covid-19. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/stuck-in-india-during-lockdown-179-pakistan-nationals-sent-home-via-punjabvideo/video-G7yH14J8jBGOK18h96b87K.html</url>
<title>Stuck in India during lockdown, 179 Pakistan nationals sent home via Punjab</title>
<body >Stuck in India during Covid-19 lockdown, 179 Pakistan nationals were repatriated on Tuesday. The Pakistan citizens were sent home via Attari-Wagah border in Punjab. They were stranded in India since March. Police officials took care of the proceedings and immigration work before their departure. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/icc-board-meeting-world-t20-to-be-postponed-to-2022-october-window-for-ipl-report/story-4Bvr9K1FWJ9HG9HbvqnpGO.html</url>
<title>ICC Board Meeting: T20 World Cup to be postponed to 2022, October window for IPL- Report</title>
<body >The postponement of this years T20 World Cup in Australia to 2022, which might open up a window for the lucrative Indian Premier League in October, is expected to be formalised when the International Cricket Councils all-powerful board holds a tele-conference on Thursday. The decision, if it is formalised, owing to the COVID-19 pandemic will give members a chance to chalk out their bilateral blue-print in the coming months. There is a good chance that postponement of World T20 will be decided during Thursdays board meeting. Whether there will be a formal announcement or not is the question, an ICC board member told PTI on conditions of anonymity. Also Read | Saw Tendulkar close his eyes while facing Akhtar: Asif recalls 2006 Karachi Test There is very little chance of World T20 going ahead in this situation. I dont think either Cricket Australia or the top boards will mind, he added. PTI had reported on May 15 that ICCs Events Committee -- led by Chris Tetley -- might present multiple options and one of the options that members are likely to seriously contemplate is shifting the tournament to October-November, 2022 while India hosts its edition in 2021. It can also be safely concluded that India will be touring Australia at the end of the year as members are likely to give more precedence to bilateral engagements to recover from the financial losses incurred during the pandemic. Also Read | BCCI will win; theyll get their way if they want to: Chappell on IPL replacing T20 World Cup The board member also said that its not only about the countries but also about broadcasters Star Sports, which incidentally holds rights for both the ICC events as well as BCCIs India Cricket rights and the IPL rights. There are a few questions that need to be asked. The commercial viability of having a T20 World Cup in February-March 2021. Before that, an IPL in October-November window and another IPL in the March-May window, a BCCI insider privy to the broadcast deals said. So we are looking at three big-ticket tournaments in six months. In this current economic scenario, that will be a very bad call, he added. He also listed the bilateral engagements that the BCCI will agree to. India is most certainly going to Australia and England is coming for a five-match series in India. As far as South Africa T20 series is concerned, let Cricket South Africa decide where they stand as far as ICC policy matters are concerned, the source said. Also Read | Everyone wants to see the T20 World Cup: Misbah-Ul-Haq With Chris Nenzani, BCCI will only believe when he puts pen to paper,he added. The organisation of the Indian Premier League will largely depend on Indias COVID-19 situation during that time but with the central government trying to bring in normalcy, the cash-rich league could get a five-week condensed window to go ahead. Some of the issues that BCCI as well as all other stakeholders will be dealing with include, limited or no spectators as per ICC regulations. Limited number of venues and increase of double-headers could be the way forward. Also the organisation should be in such a manner that all foreign players coming in might need to go for a mandatory 14-day quarantine. In that case, when do they arrive? Also when India tour Australia, they might also have to quarantine themselves which means the team needs at least three weeks before playing the first Test. Tax Exemption for 2021 T20 World Cup The ICC Board is also likely to discuss the issue of tax exemption for the 2021 World T20 in India as BCCI has sought more time due to the lockdown in order to get a clearer picture from the government. Already, the 2016 World T20 tax rebate issue has been referred to the tribunal. The deadline to get tax exemption was December 2019 but it is understood that the BCCI can hardly do anything when it comes to the countrys existing tax laws. If they didnt change it in 2016 World T20, why would they change the rule in 2021. And also the tax exemption is primarily on waiver of import duty of broadcast equipments. We can understand that exemption is required in Australia but here Star has a fully operational set-up with all production equipments. Why do you require exemption? the BCCI official asked. Will ICC then deduct the tax waiver amount from Indias revenue share? Only time will tell as the global body gets a new chairman in two months. Process to elect next chairman The process of nomination to elect the new chairman will start soon. While England and Wales Cricket Boards former chairman Colin Graves is the favourite, tables could well turn as BCCI president Sourav Ganguly might throw his hat in the ring. While there has been no formal announcement from the BCCI, treasurer Arun Dhumal in a recent interview to PTI said that Ganguly has the credentials to become one. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/only-few-are-brave-virat-kohli-yuvraj-suresh-raina-lead-birthday-wishes-for-ravi-shastri/story-MZORU5j7Pcl8e6AeTjxMJM.html</url>
<title>Only few are brave: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj, Suresh Raina lead birthday wishes for Ravi Shastri</title>
<body >Cricket fraternity on Wednesday turned to social media to wish India head coach Ravi Shastri on his 58th birthday. India captain Virat Kohli and Test vice-captain Ajinkya Rahane were one of the first to wish Shastri on his special day on Twitter. Kohli uploaded a picture of himself and wicket-keeper-batsman Mahendra Singh Dhoni, laughing with Shastri, and his tweet read: Many seem confident but only few are brave. Happy birthday Ravi bhai. God bless. #throwback. READ | ICC Board Meeting: T20 World Cup to be postponed to 2022, October window for IPL- Report Many seem confident but only few are brave. Happy birthday Ravi bhai. God bless  . #throwback pic.twitter.com/fId9yMB3IH Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) May 27, 2020 Many seem confident but only few are brave. Happy birthday Ravi bhai. God bless  . #throwback pic.twitter.com/fId9yMB3IH Rahane too shared a picture with Shastri and wrote on his Twitter handle: Wishing you lots of happiness and a very happy birthday Ravi bhai. Have a good one and see you soon! Wishing you lots of happiness and a very happy birthday, Ravi bhai. Have a good one and see you soon! @RaviShastriOfc pic.twitter.com/g4mY5fLtC3 Ajinkya Rahane (@ajinkyarahane88) May 27, 2020 Wishing you lots of happiness and a very happy birthday, Ravi bhai. Have a good one and see you soon! @RaviShastriOfc pic.twitter.com/g4mY5fLtC3 Former India all-rounder Yuvraj Singh also took to social media to wish Shastri and his post read: Happy Birthday senior. Have a great day. Best wishes cheers. Happy birthday senior @RaviShastriOfc have a great day ! Best wishes cheers  yuvraj singh (@YUVSTRONG12) May 27, 2020 Happy birthday senior @RaviShastriOfc have a great day ! Best wishes cheers  Out-of-favour India batsman Suresh Raina wrote: Happy Birthday @RaviShastriofc. Have a good one Ravi bhai. Happy birthday @RaviShastriOfc. Have a good one Ravi bhai. pic.twitter.com/XRbxeiUbyX Suresh Raina (@ImRaina) May 27, 2020 Happy birthday @RaviShastriOfc. Have a good one Ravi bhai. pic.twitter.com/XRbxeiUbyX Left-arm spinner Kuldeep Yadav uploaded a picture of himself and Dhoni with Shastri and wrote: Happy Birthday @RaviShastriOfc Sir. Wishing you joy and happiness. Stay blessed. Team Indias chairman of selectors Sunil Joshi also wished Shastri on social media and his tweet read: Wishing the head of Indian mens cricket team, @RaviShastriOfc a very happy birthday. Stay safe stay healthy. Shastri played 80 Tests and 150 ODIs for the country, scoring 3,830 and 3,108 runs respectively in the two formats. He was also a fine spinner as he scalped 151 and 129 wickets in Tests and ODIs respectively. Shastri was also part of the Indian team that created history in England by lifting the 1983 World Cup. While donning the hat of a commentator after pulling down curtains over his illustrious cricket career, Shastri lent his voice to two of the most iconic moments in Indian cricket history - 2007 WT20 win and 2011 World Cup victory. Shastri is currently in his second stint as head coach of Team India and his contract expires after the 2021 T20 World Cup. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/woman-survives-35-foot-fall-into-well/story-iZsc3e78hUdLI3dMKc11LO.html</url>
<title>Woman survives 35-foot fall into well</title>
<body > A 45-year-old woman from a small village in Mokhada, Rakmi Phufane survived a 35-foot fall after she slipped filling water from a well. As the well had little water, she hit the rocky bottom and suffered injuries on her head and face. Locals rescued her using the stone jutting and took her to a government hospital in Jawhar. She is undergoing treatment at the hospital. Phufane is a resident of Dapti village in Mokhada which houses around 319 tribal families who work as farm hands. As the lone well in their village dried up in February, the residents were relying on neighbouring villages for water. Phufanes husband Sakharam said, My wife and other women decided to walk 3km to another village, by climbing a small hill, to reach another well which had water. There were a number of people gathered near well for water. However, when Phufane was fetching water she slipped and fell into the well. As the base and the sides of the wall had sharp stones, she got injured. Some people called a few men from the village who climbed down to the well and rescued her. Vijay Shetye, Tehsildar, Mokhada, visited Phufane and assured them of help. Shetye also inquired as to why there was a delay in water tanker reaching her village. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/one-more-covid-19-positive-case-reported-from-gurdaspur-district/story-JhRjinojAyTLUwLmxdavsJ.html</url>
<title>One more Covid-19 positive case reported from Gurdaspur district</title>
<body >A 43-year-old man resident of Dorangla village, which is located 12 kilometres from Gurdaspur district headquarters and close to the international border between India and Pakistan, reported coronavirus disease (Covid-19) positive on Wednesday. The patient works in Mumbai and had returned to his native village a few days ago amid the easing of nationwide lockdown restrictions, which were imposed on March 25 to contain the spread of the Covid-19 outbreak. Dr Kishan Chand, Civil Surgeon, Gurdaspur, said that the patient has been admitted to the Community Health Centre in Dhariwal. The district health authorities have also collected the swab samples of his family members and those who came in contact with him upon his return to his native village, Dr Chand added. Gurdaspur district has 11 active Covid-19 patients to date, of which eight are undergoing treatment at Civil Hospital in Batala and the rest three in Dhariwals Community Health Centre. So far, 122 patients have recovered and three Covid-19 related deaths have been reported from Gurdaspur district. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/class-10th-12th-students-who-have-moved-out-due-to-lockdown-can-take-board-exams-from-where-they-are-hrd-minister/story-I5H9AxNYEnsFNxaXDiJn2M.html</url>
<title>Students can choose to take CBSE board exam in home district: HRD minister</title>
<body >In a move that would provide relief to countless students, the HRD ministry has decided that candidates who have moved to a different state or district during the lockdown can opt to take the class 10 and 12 board exams there. The move would bring relief not just to thousands of students of boarding schools but also those who were preparing from competitive exams in coaching hubs like Kota but had moved to their home districts in the wake of the lockdown. Class 10 and class 12 students who have moved to different state or district during lockdown can appear for pending board exam there, said HRD minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank.#Covid_19            ,                    #CBSE                   @DDNewslive pic.twitter.com/3UFkbISIPm Dr Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank (@DrRPNishank) May 27, 2020 #Covid_19            ,                    #CBSE                   @DDNewslive pic.twitter.com/3UFkbISIPm The ministry took the decision in view of the long distances that students would have to undertake and the quarantine measures that school authorities would have been forced to undertake. Earlier, the minister had declared that CBSE would increase the number of exam centres from 3,000 to 13,000 to make sure the students who sit for their class X and XII board exams get the centre of their choice. However, as HT reported on Wednesday, there was one segment of youngsters who still would have to travel hundreds of miles before reaching the venue  those studying in residential schools. As the number of coronavirus cases continued to rise, these schools and their students were in a dilemma as to whether they have to travel hundreds of miles to take these tests. And what made it a complex issue for schools was that they would have to make quarantine arrangements once the students come back to the campus after travelling through different modes. Significantly, 661 residential schools, the Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas, are run by the HRD ministry itself. Most of these schools are situated in rural areas would have to make quarantine arrangements for their students. However, the HRD ministrys decision has made it easier for students and schools. Several residential schools had also made representations to CBSE and HRD in this regard explaining the ordeal youngsters would have to undertake to travel during the COVID-19 hit areas. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/donald-trump-offers-to-mediate-raging-india-china-border-dispute/story-s1cZGvwkF7pYtiZ0QLcxbP.html</url>
<title>Donald Trump offers to mediate raging India-China border dispute</title>
<body >US President Donald Trump on Wednesday waded into the tense border standoff between India and China, saying he was ready, willing and able to mediate between the two sides. Trump, who has in the past repeatedly offered to mediate between India and Pakistan on the issue of Kashmir and been rebuffed, made the latest offer through a tweet. He also said he had informed India and China of his offer. We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you! he tweeted.We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you! Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 27, 2020 We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you! AlsoWatch |On the brink of a new cold war: China on ties with USafter Covid outbreak  There was no immediate response from Indian officials. It also could not be confirmed whether Trump had formally conveyed the offer to the Indian side. Thousands of Indian and Chinese troops are locked in eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), particularly in Ladakh sector following violent clashes early this month that left soldiers on both sides injured. The Indian government made it clear yesterday that it would not allow any change in the status quo on the LAC and that it would respond to Chinas actions with strength and restraint. Also read |In huge setback to PM Oli, Nepals new political map hits a roadblock Trumps remarks came a week after his administrations outgoing pointperson for South Asia, Alice Wells, strongly backed the Indian position in the border row and said such disputes are a reminder of the threat posed by China. Wells, the outgoing head of the state departments South and Central Asia bureau, said like-minded nations such as the US, India, Australia and Asean states have rallied together in the face of Chinas provocations and disturbing behaviour. She had said: The flare-ups on the border, I think, are a reminder that Chinese aggression is not always just rhetorical. And so whether its in the South China Sea or whether its along the border with India, we continue to see provocations and disturbing behaviour by China that raises questions about how China seeks to use its growing power. She added, What we want to see is an international system that provides benefit to everyone and not a system in which there is suzerainty to China. And so I think in this instance, the border disputes are a reminder of the threat posed by China. Chinas foreign ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian had dismissed Wells remarks as just nonsense and reiterated the allegation that Indian troops had trespassed across the LAC. India should work with China and refrain from unilateral actions that complicate the situation, he had said. India has dismissed allegations that its troops trespassed across the LAC and instead accused Chinese troops of hindering activities on the Indian side of the LAC. Also read | PM Modis Doklam team back in action to stand up to China in Ladakh </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/he-can-be-as-good-as-bradman-brett-lee-picks-between-virat-kohli-and-steve-smith/story-M5yLWMapeTsx1TVLRZNf5M.html</url>
<title>He can be as good as Bradman: Brett Lee picks between Virat Kohli and Steve Smith</title>
<body >One of the favourite pastimes of sports writers and pundits is to compare greats. They could be from different eras or contemporaries plying their trade at the same time and often competing against each other. In cricket, comparing batting greats is a favourite topic of discussion. Especially if there are some generational talents on display. In the 90s and 2000s people debated about the greatness of Sachin Tendulkar, Brian Lara and later Ricky Ponting. In this generation the fight for the top batsman is between Virat Kohli and Steve Smith. It started out as a fab four with England Joe Root and New Zealands Kane Williamson also in the mix. But Kohli and Smith, by the sheer dint of their talent, have gone ahead of the pack. Also Read | Where are Sachin vs Shoaib contests: Akhtar says ICChas finished cricket While Smith reigns supreme in Test cricket, Kohli is a run machine in limited overs cricket and has lifted his game several notches in Test cricket as well. Former Australian paceman Brett Lee was put on the spot by former Zimbabwe international Pommie Mbangwa, as the two discussed all things cricket during an Instagram live chat. Lee at first tried to stay away from picking one between the two but on Mbangwas insistence, went with his former Australian teammate. They are two different players. Kohli is technically sound, he hits through the V, he used to knick off earlier in his career, but he has tightened up the area outside the off stump, doesnt knick off as much now. Also Read | Dravid toughest batsman Ive ever bowled to: Aaron He is disciplined and super fit... a great leader of his side. Smith, obviously what he has been through in the last couple of years, he has seen a rise with the way he played in the last 12 months. He is also a different batsman. He is very flamboyant, does 22 touches before he faces up. At the moment, I would pick Smith over Kohli because of what he has been through and what he has to overcome, Lee told Mbangwa. I might go with Kohli tomorrow as it depends on the mood. They are two great players and hard to split. I think Smith can be as good as Don Bradman, there have been talks of him becoming just like Bradman looking at the number, the former express paceman opined. With 7227 runs in 73 matches, Steve Smith averages a whopping 62.84 in Test cricket. He has 26 centuries to his name already. He though isnt that big a force in ODIs, having scored 4162 runs in 125 matches at an average of 42.46. Virat Kohli on the other hand averages a whopping 59.33 in ODIs with 11867 runs in 248 matches with 43 centuries to his name. He also has 7240 runs to his credit in 86 Test matches at an average of 53.62. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 08:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/denizens-become-game-organisers-at-home-amid-lockdown/story-AISbcWSToiafVCShEYsEhI.html</url>
<title>Denizens become game organisers at home amid lockdown</title>
<body >To add a bit of entertainment to the mundane routine during lockdown, many have turned into professional game organisers amid the lockdown, hosting Ludo tournaments and Tambola nights. While some are solely to entertain and bring families and friends closer, others are combining fun for a cause through such games, thereby contributing the winning amount to PM CARES Fund. Mumbai-based entrepreneur Nikhil Trehan, who manages a Tambola group on WhatsApp with 150 members across India, London and Canada came up with the idea when the lockdown was announced in March. He says, With no mode of entertainment ant such tough times for every human, we decided to add some fun and activity to engage families via WhatsApp. We have been playing since March 27th. He also feels that the main reason for it to become popular was because of the cause that 10 percent of total money collected through each game will be donated to PM CARES Fund. He adds, A lot of people connected because of this cause and donation factor. Initially we started with 1 game a week, then made it on alternate days, now its twice a week. There is absolutely no commission involved and its purely for the cause and the process is full transparent. And the situation is no different for Dilliwalas. Adding a dose of entertainment to the mundane regime, Delhi-based couple, Nimit Gandhi and Riju Sharma have created a group onWhatsApp to play Tambola with the motive to bring families closer. Gandhi talks about the idea behind this initiative, and says, We were looking for interesting ways to kill time and came across this app that helps generate Housie numbers with instructions. We generate tickets through an app.  To this Sharma adds, Some were reluctant in the beginning that how will it go on WhatsApp, but we keep sending rules and guidelines with a samply ticket so that its convenient for elderly to play as well. We ask the participants to send us a picture to claim the prize. And its not just Tambola that has got the denizens hooked; its another popular game, Ludo that is having its moment on WhatsApp groups. A resident of Delhi, Siddharth Seth, business man who is a member of Ludo Tournament group explains, A schedule is drafted which includes duration, qualifier rounds and teams. Prize ranges from Rs 1,000 to 6,000. He has also played a Ramayan-based version of Tambola. We had Ramayan-themed prize, like 14 Saal ka Vanvaas meant Early 14 numbers, Ram Rajya was a Bumper House, Ayodhya Vaapsi for Bumper House 2, he explains. Interact with author/sanchita_kalra. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/iaf-to-get-second-indigenous-lca-tejas-fighter-plane-squadron-today/story-g3Y7d9GljNFXNaL3WJaDrJ.html</url>
<title>IAF operationalises no.18 Squadron, equips it with LCA Tejas</title>
<body >The Indian Air Force (IAF) on Wednesday operationalised its no.18 Squadron, the Flying Bullets, at Sulur near here, equipping it with the fourth generation Mk1 LCA (Light Combat Aircraft) Tejas. The indigenous tailless compound delta wing aircraft was inducted at an official ceremony in the presence of Air Chief Marshal RKS Bhadauria at the Sulur Air Force Station. The No.18 Squadron will be the second one to have the home-made Tejas, after the 45 Squadron based here. An all-faith prayer was held and a coconut broken to mark the induction of Tejas today. Watch: Flying Bullets operationalised, IAF Chief flies Tejasaircraft The No 18 Squadron, formed in 1965 with the motto Teevra aur Nirbhaya meaning Swift and Fearless, was earlier flying MiG 27 aircraft. The Squadron actively participated in the 1971 war with Pakistan. The Squadron was resurrected on April 1 this year at Sulur. Tejas is equipped with fly-by-wire flight control system, integrated digital avionics and multimode radar, while its structure is made of composite material. It is also the lightest and smallest in its group of fourth generation supersonic combat aircraft, a Defence release on Monday said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/uttarakhand-board-class-10th-12th-remaining-exams-likely-to-be-conducted-from-june-15/story-BtBjsl8MCvA2M0l8Fj7B0K.html</url>
<title>Uttarakhand Board class 10th, 12th remaining exams likely to be conducted from June 15</title>
<body >Uttarakhand Board might conduct UBSE Class 10th, 12th exams or remaining papers between June 15 and 20. The board is planning to begin the evaluation of answersheet from June 1, Live Hindustan reported. According to the LH report, UBSE is planning to announce the board result by July. UBSE Education Secretary R Meenakshi Sundaram on Tuesday conducted video conferencing with district officials and said that the board is planning to conduct the pending exams anytime between June 15 and 20. This is because Uttarkhand records heavy rainfall in the last week of June that will create trouble for the board to conduct the exams. Hence the board is planning to complete the pending examination before the rainy season starts in the state. It will take three days to complete the exams if it is conduced in two shifts daily. Sundaram also said that the board is expected to begin evaluation from June 1. The inter colleges that will be used as evaluation centres will not be converted into quarantine centres. Only primary and junior school buildings will be used as quarantine centres. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-168-churches-in-mizoram-offer-halls-to-be-used-for-quarantine-facility/story-ajbumiBvMtVdsliKk0RyLM.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: 168 churches in Mizoram offer halls to be used for quarantine facility</title>
<body >With Mizoram facing shortage of quarantine facilities many churches in the Christian majority state have offered their halls to the state government to be used for quarantine purpose. Chairperson of the task group of quarantine facilities Esther Lal Ruatkimi said Mizoram is facing shortage of quarantine facilities as a large number of people are returning to the state from various parts of the country. She said that the government and churches have so far set up more than 500 quarantine facilities to accommodate 14,358 people but the state government require quarantine facility for at least 20,000 people. The task group chairperson said that at least 168 churches from various denominations like Presbyterian Church, Baptist Church of Mizoram (BCM), Salvation Army (SA), Lairam Isua Krista Baptist Kohhran (LIKBK), Evangelical Church of Maraland (ECM), United Pentecostal Church (NEI) and  United Pentecostal Church (Mizoram) have offered their halls to be used as quarantine facilities. She said that more than 10,000 stranded people in different parts of the country will return to the state. She thanked churches, village or local level task forces, NGOs and other stakeholders for extending invaluable helps to the government. Meanwhile, an official of the task group on quarantine facilities said at least 2,518 people are currently placed under quarantine across the state. Of these, 1,940 people are quarantined at government designated facilities, 414 at church halls, 163 placed under home quarantine and seven others are lodged at hotel on their own expense, he said. Earlier, state chief secretary Lalnunmawia Chuaungo had said that the government allowed returnees clearing Rapid Antibody Test or permitted and recommended by competent authorities to be placed under home quarantine as the state government does not have enough institutional quarantine facilities to accommodate them all. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/if-9-11-was-a-new-chapter-covid-19-is-a-new-book-rahul-gandhi/story-sD7d8kaDeWlRqTFrG8EInM.html</url>
<title>If 9/11 was a new chapter, Covid-19 is a new book: Rahul Gandhi</title>
<body >Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said on Wednesday that the Covid-19 crisis will change the existing structure and order in the world. Globally, the virus is operating at two levels: First, at the healthcare level and secondly, by attacking the global structures. If you look at the places which are most affected, they all are the nerve centres of globalisation. I am convinced that we will have a new world after this. People say 9/11 was a new chapter. Well, this is a new book, Gandhi said. Gandhi was holding a dialogue on the Covid-19 crisis with global public healthcare expert Dr Ashish Jha and epidemiologist, professor Johan Geisecke of the Karolinska Institute, Sweden. I have a sense that large urban centres will be hurt badly. People will have to come together and realise that you cant fight this disease as different communities, different religions or different genders, said the former Congress president. We have to prepare ourselves for significant pain, he added. Speaking on the extreme temperature in India and its effect on the coronavirus, Professor Jha said, It is not evidence I would bank on. He also said that the only way to stop the spread of the virus is to increase the testing capacity. The Harvard University professor also dismissed reports that Indians are immune to the virus because of the vaccinations that they get. I am sceptical that BCG vaccine can act as mediator. There is very less evidence about that, I would not make a policy based on that evidence, said professor Jha. The conversation is part of a series of dialogues that Gandhi is holding with global and Indian thought leaders to discuss the Covid-19 crisis and its consequences on the Indian economy. Gandhi has previously spoken to Nobel laureate Abhijit Banerjee and former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/parks-can-be-opened-during-morning-up-cm-yogi-adityanath-directs-authorities/story-4zIL5wjLbBuo6zYJ9blbZP.html</url>
<title>Parks can be opened during morning:UP CM Yogi Adityanath directs authorities</title>
<body >Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed that parks across the state can be opened during morning time, State Additional Chief Secretary (Home) Awanish Awasthi said on Tuesday. Addressing a press conference here, Awasthi said, CM Yogi Adityanath has directed that parks across the state can be opened during morning time. So, today itself a decision will be taken on timings for the opening of parks. Concerned authorities will ensure that social distancing norms are strictly followed at parks. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage Adityanath has also said that the patrolling should be strengthened at all important places including financial and industrial institutions. He has also said that the taxis should be allowed with two passengers and one driver at the airport, Awasthi added. Awasthi further said that around 17 lakh people have returned to Uttar Pradesh in more than 1265 trains. Around 17,00,728 people in more than 1265 trains have returned from different states till 2 pm today, said Additional Chief Secretary Awasthi. A total of 229 new Covid-19 positive cases have been reported in the state, taking the total number of cases in the state to 6724, said Directorate of Health Service, Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday. (The story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/editorials/a-wake-up-call-for-mumbai/story-MrFQeGmbZyAWpORVH2t7YI.html</url>
<title>A wake-up call for Mumbai |HTEditorial</title>
<body >Indias financial capital, Mumbai, now has over 30,000 cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19); more than 1,000 people have died due to the infection. On May 24 and 25, the city reported the second highest number of cases among cities anywhere in the world, right after Moscow. One in every five cases in India can be traced back to the city, while one in every four people who has died nationally has been a Mumbai resident. It has singularly made Maharashtra the most severely affected state in the country, with cases going beyond 50,000, and rising every day. There are, of course, immediate triggers for the surge in cases. To its credit, Maharashtra has also tested more people than the national average. But the systemic weaknesses are clear  the delay in screening passengers in the earlier part of the year (which was not unique to Maharashtra but appears to have had a greater impact in terms of spread), the failure to use the lockdown to ramp up health infrastructure, the absence of proper coordination which has resulted in patients having to rush from hospital to hospital in search of critical care services, and the high number of health care workers who have got infected. But these are symptoms of a wider crisis. Mumbai is a symbol of Indias flawed urbanisation and poor planning. It has a high density of population, with the least proportion of open spaces per 1,000 people. Slums occupy 7% of the citys land area, but, according to the 2011 census, four out of 10 residents lived in slums  a proportion that may have grown. A corrupt nexus between political authorities, private businesses and real estate developers has meant that precious public land, which could have been used for public housing, has been taken over by private operators. Sixty per cent of the slum households dont have toilets and there is a substantial shortage of public toilets. But instead of eradicating the squalor, the city has taken pride in it  to the extent of romanticising it. The disparity in health systems is stark, with super specialised private hospitals coexisting with an abysmal public health care system. While the overcrowded local train may be an iconic symbol of the city, it actually represents the weakness of public transport systems. Despite having the richest local government body in the country, municipal governance is weak. All of this  the absence of adequate public housing, public health, public transport, sanitation  has today come back to haunt the city. Mumbai must, for its sake and for the sake of India, use this crisis as a wake-up call. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/editorials/home-isolation-works-but-with-responsibility/story-I3MkWHzL3eD5MwojWGXa7O.html</url>
<title>Home isolation works, but with responsibility | HTEditorial</title>
<body >Delhi chief minister (CM) Arvind Kejriwal on Monday said that home isolation was an effective option for patients with mild or no symptoms of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19).This is in line with a health ministry advisory from the end of April, which had allowed home isolation, but under conditions  a 24x7 caregiver; constant communication between the caregiver and a hospital; and immediate medical help if severe symptoms developed, among others. The Delhi CMs categorical call for home isolation is welcome. The number of Covid-19 cases is continuing to rise in the Capital, and the peak is, according to medical experts advising the government, yet to arrive. The health care infrastructure is under strain. Anticipating this, the Delhi government has put aside an additional 1,500 Covid-19 beds at a government facility, and asked private hospitals and nursing homes to reserve at least 20% of their total bed strength for Covid-19 patients. Many  patients may also be able to cope better emotionally with the disease if allowed to recuperate with their families. The home isolation plan, however, will only work if there is strict monitoring on the ground, which in itself is not easy given Indias weak governance structure, and the State apparatus is busy tackling several other related crises. But it is, most crucially, dependent on the idea of citizens exercising responsibility and care, by being transparent about their health status, reaching out to doctors on time, and following the home isolation protocol in letter and spirit. Do it for yourself, for your families, for the community, and for the city you call home. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-haridwar-administration-begins-rapid-testing-of-migrants-workers/story-giTDusEJ1lQq1q948FypsO.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: Haridwar administration begins rapid testing of migrants workers</title>
<body >Following the recent spike in Covid-19 positive cases with the arrival of migrants in Uttarakhand, the Haridwar administration has decided to conduct rapid antibody test along with the routine and random testing of the symptomatic patients. With over 300 migrants testing Covid-19 positive in the state so far as per the state health department,  this step is being seen as a move to trace the positive patients in a short span so that they can be put in quarantine centres. Haridwar district reported five new positive cases on Tuesday which included a district hospital staff nurse and two migrants who arrived from Mumbai recently. About ten cases of migrants testing positive have resurfaced in past week in Haridwar. Rapid antibody testing is being done on a daily basis at Haridwar Mela hospital-based Covid-19 centre and Civil hospital in Roorkee. The health administration opting for the rapid test is also being linked with the delay in the arrival of reports from three authorised medical labs at Haldwani Medical College, Doon Medical College and All India Institute of Medical Sciences AIIMS, Rishikesh. According to Haridwars chief medical officer Dr Saroj Naithani, rapid test gives result in a short span and if it shows a positive sample, then it is sent to authorised labs for reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test. A district official pointed that as per Union ministry of health guidelines, rapid tests are recommended for places where a large number of cases are being reported, large gatherings and evacuation centres as has happened with the arrival of thousands of migrants in the state at the base railway station in Haridwar. Uttarakhand reported 51 new Covid-19 cases on Tuesday, taking its tally to 400, according to the state health department, reports PTI. Meanwhile, authorities have announced thirteen areas in the district as containment zones, sealing these areas where Covid-19 positive cases have been recorded in the past few days. These zones are Nagla Emarti, Roorkee, Hata Kheri Bhagwanpur, Sati Mohalla, Roorkee, Matawala Mohalla, Roorkee, Mohammedpur-Mohanpura ward no 12, Roorkee, Munda Khera Kalan, Laksar, Durgapur Laksar, Adarsh Nagar, Roorkee, Gram Dabki Laksar, Dadupur Gobindpur, Hazrat Bilal, Landaura, Ambedkar Colony, Mangalore and Green Park Colony, Laksar. District magistrate C Ravi Shankar said that these containment zones have been sealed with ban on entry or exit, and arrangements for essential services are being made for households there On May 20, Uttarakhand high court had directed the state government to procure rapid test kits immediately and start testing on an experimental basis at the border points. The HC in its order said that although rapid antibody test has not been approved by ICMR (Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), which is the nodal agency spearheading the fight against Covid-19 pandemic in the country) for diagnostic purposes, but since the result of this test is available in much less time, such tests can be used for surveillance purposes alone. At least it would be better surveillance than the surveillance by thermal screening. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/gulabo-sitabo-trailer-featuring-amitabh-bachchan-and-ayushmann-khurrana-is-mumbai-police-s-new-advisory-meme-inspiration/story-7I2Wu2Woj5vgrkwg27wRbK.html</url>
<title>Gulabo Sitabo trailer featuring Amitabh Bachchan and Ayushmann Khurrana is Mumbai Polices new advisory meme inspiration</title>
<body >Gulabo Sitabo trailer featuring Amitabh Bachchan and Ayushmann Khurrana has sparked an online chatter. Mumbai Police took the opportunity of the hype to share an advisory using a meme inspired from the trailer to put forth a message for people. This time the department urged people to use strong passwords for their different online profiles. Strong password to Mumbaikars with a weak password! the department wrote and then shared a meme of a dialogue by Ayushmann Khurrana from the trailer. It shows Khurrana saying, humein godh lelo [adopt me]. With their witty way Mumbai Police is now asking people to adopt strong passwords rather than the weak ones. Whats even funnier are the hashtags they used in the post, #$tr0ngP@$$w0d and #BlockbusterPassword. View this post on Instagram           Strong password to Mumbaikars with a weak password! #$tr0ngP@$$w0d #BlockbusterPassword #cybersafety #onlinesafety A post shared by  Mumbai Police (@mumbaipolice) on May 25, 2020 at 8:18am PDT Strong password to Mumbaikars with a weak password! #$tr0ngP@$$w0d #BlockbusterPassword #cybersafety #onlinesafety A post shared by  Mumbai Police (@mumbaipolice) on May 25, 2020 at 8:18am PDT Since being shared some 14 hours ago, the post has garnered over 10,000 likes. Besides praising the creativity of Mumbai Polices social media team, people also praised the policemen who are working relentlessly to keep the city safe. A few also joked about how they keep their password strong. Mumbai Police got swag, wrote an Instagram user. Some of them coming here with password so strong they need to click forgot password always! joked another. Mumbai Police nailed it! wrote a third. Also Read | Mumbai Police shows how not to wear a mask using Robert Pattinsons pic from The Batman </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/sports-authority-of-india-headquarters-sanitised-after-official-s-kin-tests-positive/story-r4qkZD0F2GS2ulD8BTT5BJ.html</url>
<title>Sports Authority of India headquarters sanitised after officials kin tests positive</title>
<body >The Sports Authority of India (SAI) headquarters at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium complex was being sanitised on Wednesday. An employee, whose relative tested positive for Covid-19, came to office on Tuesday, leading to SAI sanitising the premises. A SAI official confirmed to this paper that they have been asked to not come to office on Wednesday. The official whose relative had tested positive for Covid-19 came to office on Tuesday and it immediately alarmed everyone. The premises are being sanitised today. We have been told that the official and his family members are taking the test today, said the official who spoke to this paper. SAI headquarters has been working on 33 per cent staff strength as per the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs. This sanitisation drive was taking place one day after the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium was opened for the come-and-play scheme. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/bwf-extends-olympic-qualification-period-to-next-year-ranking-points-earned-will-be-maintained/story-WF3b2KUeSX9iokLb61DPsM.html</url>
<title>Tokyo qualification period extended in badminton</title>
<body >Following heavy criticism from shuttlers, the Badminton World Federation (BWF) on Wednesday announced that the revamped 2020 calendar - unveiled last week - will not count towards Tokyo Olympics qualification. Instead, an extended qualification period will be introduced early next year which will include tournaments that were postponed, cancelled or suspended due to COVID-19. To be eligible to participate in the Tokyo Olympics, all shuttlers will have to play a minimum of three tournaments in their respective categories counting towards the Race to Tokyo ranking list. While the original one-year qualification period started on April 29, 2019 and concluded prematurely on March 15, 2020, the extended period will commence on January 4, 2021 and finish on May 2, 2021. The Race to Tokyo rankings on May 4, 2021 will be considered final and will be used to allocate quota places at the Games. Significantly, all ranking points earned during the original Olympic qualification period will be maintained under the Race to Tokyo ranking list with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) approving the amendments. Although we aim to resume international tournaments towards the end of 2020, we have chosen to resume the Olympic and Paralympic qualification process only in 2021 to ensure that travel restrictions and other related impacts of COVID-19 are limited, BWF secretary general Thomas Lund said. Only players from China and Hong Kong - who could not participate in this years Badminton Asia Team Championships due to COVID-19 travel restrictions - will be eligible to earn points from the 2021 edition. The revised 2021 calendar will be revealed later. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/ioa-forms-11-member-annual-grant-and-affiliation-committee/story-U222cB2m76T7iQqa9YWFzH.html</url>
<title>IOA forms 11-member annual grant and affiliation committee</title>
<body >The Indian Olympic Association on Wednesday constituted an 11-member committee led by Athletics Federation of India president Adille Sumariwala to monitor annual grant and affiliation fee of its members for the 2020-2021 cycle. Besides Sumariwala, the panel includes D R Saini, Vagish Pathak, S M Hashmi, Sekhar Chandra Biswas, Vithal Shrigaonkar, M P Singh, D V Seetharama Rao, Abu Mehta, Madhukant Pathak and B K Roka. IOA president Narinder Batra, in a letter stated, that the committee will review and monitor issues concerning the disbursement of IOAs annual grant to its members in coordination with the finance department. The letter also states that a report on all pending issues regarding previous year, 2019-2020, will have to be submitted to the IOA president within two months. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/table-tennis-national-camp-proposal-resisted-by-players/story-KrBr3vRzi2yaYCxeVRb6PJ.html</url>
<title>Table Tennis national camp proposal resisted by players</title>
<body >The Table Tennis Federation of Indias (TTFI) proposal to organise a national camp towards the end of June has been met with unanimous resistance and apprehension from the countrys top players, who feel its best to wait and watch for at least a month or two. The TTFI sent an email to some players on Tuesday seeking their view on the possibility of a national camp next month for Indias top eight male and female players, along with their coaches, shortlisting a few cities for the same. This is the second such proposal sent out by the federation to players after the first email early last week proposing a camp at the end of May. However, despite the revised time period and the federations assurance that it will follow all guidelines set by the government as well as the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) issued by the Sports Authority of India (SAI) for the resumption of training for elite athletes, top paddlers believe it is too soon to even think about organising a camp. Firstly, even though domestic flights have started, travel is an issue. And more importantly, its not safe. Its good that the federation is being proactive, but it is simply too early at this point to even think about a camp, Sharath Kamal, Indias top paddler at world No 31, said on Wednesday. The federation officials themselves will not be happy to travel at this point of time, so whats the hurry? The federation plans to have individual rooms for each player and coach in residential academies, with separate training sessions for men and women while following all precautions mandated by the SOP. We are looking at the Raman academy (Raman TT High Performance Centre) in Chennai, Sonepat or New Delhi. Kolkata was an option but isnt any longer due to the Cyclone Amphan, TTFI secretary general MP Singh said. However, the idea of people from different cities assembling at one place is not cutting ice with the players. I spoke to Sanil Shetty and a couple of other guys, and nobody is keen on a camp, said Surat-based Harmeet Desai, the countrys third highest ranked male player. Travelling is quite risky, and cases in India are still on the rise. If we stay with other players, it might not be safe. It is difficult to take a decision to go to a camp. We need some more time. Sharath added: You can have individual rooms and quarantine players, but what about cooks and cleaning staff? And I dont think anybody will want to come to Chennai (which has a high number of positive Covid-19 cases) at this point of time. G Sathiyanwho along with Sharath is waiting for the Tamil Nadu governments approval to begin individual training in Chennaisaid three aspects have to be taken care of before the idea of camp can be put on the table. First, state governments have to allow local players to start training internally without any travel; even that hasnt happened yet here in Chennai. Then, transport has to resume normally with all flights operating safely without any cancellations. And third, there should be no quarantine rules in any state. Before these things happen, I feel it is practically impossible and unsafe to hold any camp. We could probably think of something in August, and that is also if things get better and come close to normalcy, the world No 32 Sathiyan said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/neha-dhupia-aparshakti-khurrana-are-worried-people-will-be-back-to-discriminating-others-after-lockdown/story-sElUuDgZbPZf0K273jBLjJ.html</url>
<title>Neha Dhupia, Aparshakti Khurrana are worried people will be back to discriminating others after lockdown</title>
<body >Actors Neha Dhupia, Angad Bedi and Aparshakti Khurrana did a live chat on Instagram Friday evening and things got pretty serious even as the close friends cracked inside jokes on the live chat. Neha and Aparshakti expressed concerns over how people will behave after the lockdown while Neha also shared how her daughter Mehr is dealing with the limitations of not going out anymore. I think key (to survive the lockdown) is to stay positive amidst all this. She (Mehr) is good, no tantrums. Kids are pretty intuitive. Earlier she used to be insist on going outside. Darwaze k taraf bhaag k jaati thi (She used to run to the door earlier). She hasnt got this much of mummy and papa time together ever. We are there for her mealtime, and almost all the time she is awake. I think she is also overwhelmed by presence of two of us, she said. . Also read:Madhuri Dixit reveals Ek Do Teen was shot with a real crowd of 1000 people: People would fling money on the screens After recommending that everyone must come out of the lockdown with a new skill set, Neha and Angad were worried about the goodwill. Aparshakti said, We needed coronavirus to end Delhi riots. I fear we will be back to ourselves, discriminating people and living our lives with all the evils we had before the lockdown. Neha then added, Without spelling it out, Angad and I are helping at our own level...we know the food and ration is reaching the persons kids, mother and five families around the person. I fear human memory is short and everyone will forget all this after the lockdown. We should just make sure we are helping as many people as we can. She also urged people to ensure that their compassion doesnt end with the lockdown. Earlier, when Aparshakti said he will give his wife a pedicure, Neha had said on a lighter note, While watching Netflix, I hand over the foot cream to him (Angad) and ask for a foot massage, but he says wo din gae (gone are the days). Angad, who recently had a knee surgery, revealed during the chat that he recovering well and has lost 4.5 kilos. He added that he is eating only vegetarian food. The friends also revealed that Aparshaktis pet name is Paari - the Punjabi word for kiss. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 11, 2020 13:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ajay-devgn-remembers-father-veeru-devgn-on-death-anniversary-i-can-feel-you-beside-me-quiet-caring-protective-watch/story-afFubWPhY9isLbvIsfHT4H.html</url>
<title>Ajay Devgn remembers father Veeru Devgn on death anniversary: I can feel you beside me - quiet, caring, protective. Watch</title>
<body >Ajay Devgn has shared a heartfelt post on the first death anniversary of his late father, stunt director Veeru Devgn. The Tanhaji actor shared a montage of his and his fathers black-and-white pictures along with an emotional message. Sharing the montage on Instagram, he wrote, Dear Dad, its a year since you left. However, I can feel you beside mequiet, caring, protective; your presence is forever reassuring. The post was viewed nearly one lakh times within an hour. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Ajay Devgn (@ajaydevgn) on May 26, 2020 at 10:11pm PDT A post shared by Ajay Devgn (@ajaydevgn) on May 26, 2020 at 10:11pm PDT Abhishek Bachchan reacted to the post with a hands joined in prayer emoji. Veeru had worked on 80 films such as Lal Baadshah and Ishq. He also directed the 1999 film Hindustan Ki Kasam, which starred Amitabh Bachchan, Ajay and Manisha Koirala. Talking about his father, Ajay had once said in an interview, The Singham in my life can only be my father. Because he is a man who came to Bombay at that point in time with Rs 4 in his pocket, wanting to become something, struggled, washed and lived in taxis so he could live here, did not eat food for eight days at times, worked so hard, became a street fighter from there till Mr Ravi Khanna saw him one day asking him whether he would become a fight director. From there, his growth from nowhere to become Indias topmost action director is remarkable. I have seen him getting so much respect that some of the biggest actors would touch his feet, wanting to work with him. By the time I was born, he had enough money. As a kid and being an action directors son, I still had the same lifestyle I have today, including owning a Mercedes. He has 50 stitches in his head and has broken every bone in his body. So no one else can be my Singham, he added. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Ajay is currently living with his family including his daughter Nysa who flew home ahead of the lockdown. Last month, the actor shared coronavirus anthem Thehar Ja urging people to stay home amid the coronavirus pandemic and keep their loved ones safe. The video also features his son Yug in a cameo. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/blazer-and-pajamas-priyanka-chopra-s-zoom-work-from-home-meeting-look-might-just-match-up-to-yours/story-2r6bss0HXs9bkez9Z4lTbN.html</url>
<title>Blazer and pajamas? Priyanka Chopras Zoom meeting look takes business casual literally</title>
<body >Priyanka Chopra Jonas style evolution is what dreams are made of, and the actors enviable wardrobe has given more than a handful of us lust-filled dreams. Showcasing her incredible sense of fashion as well as humour, the Baywatch actor took to her Instagram account to share her what she wears during a virtual meeting amid the coronavirus pandemic. Sharing a photograph of herself wearing a very smart off white blazer and pale pink top inside, Priyanka channelled all our work from home vibes as she completed the look with loose pajamas and comfortable slides. The Sky Is Pink actor captioned the post, Zoom meeting lewk! Priyankas friend, producer and comedian Mindy Kaling wrote, Im dead, Pri. While Allure Editor-in-Chief Michelle Lee wrote, Business casual. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 26, 2020 at 11:34am PDT A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 26, 2020 at 11:34am PDT Priyanka also marked the second first date anniversary with husband and musician Nick Jonas with a cute post on Instagram on Monday, she captioned  it, I love you Nick Jonas Thank you for making our life together so incredible. Heres to many more date nights. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 25, 2020 at 2:44pm PDT A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 25, 2020 at 2:44pm PDT Nick also shared a post marking the occasion, and wrote, This beautiful woman and I went on our first date two years ago today.  It has been the best two years of my life, and to think I am lucky enough to get to spend the rest of my life with her is such an incredible blessing. I love you babe. Happy two years. Priyanka has been spending quarantine with husband Nick Jonas in their plush Los Angeles home. Priyanka often posts about how she is spending her lockdown, takes her fans on trips down memory lane with her posts, raises awareness related to the coronavirus pandemic, shares feel-good posts, birthday wishes and more. While her present posts are hilarious, back in March, just a week into the isolation, Priyanka had shared her state of mind in a live video, This is such an insane time and all of our lives have been completely turned upside down and it feels like, something out of a movie, but its not. Nick and I have been home for the last week and this is day 8 of self-isolation for us. We have always had such crazy schedules and had so many people around us all day and all of a sudden, this being our reality, it just feels crazy. I am sure all of you feel the same way. We are taking all recommended precautions right now, we are safe, we are healthy, we are practising social distancing. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 07:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/fdci-announces-india-s-first-ever-digital-fashion-week/story-lZ2U49oUWTG8P9RxJr9VlO.html</url>
<title>FDCI announces Indias first ever digital fashion week</title>
<body >The Fashion Design Council Of India (FDCI) is ushering in a new era of digital showcase and re-wiring the fashion system. The apex body goes digital as it announced Indias first ever digital fashion week. The announcement teaser went viral on Instagram garnering more than a lakh views. Sunil Sethi, Chairman, FDCI shares, The reset button has been pressed as weve got to move with the times. Weve been consistent for over 20 years and we arent novices anymore. Having said that, the pandemic has put us in such a predicament now that we cant organise a physical fashion week like we used to. We are at a disadvantage now.Its a fact that theres an uncertainty in the market because of Covid-19 and we dont know when the curve will be flattened. Its time to act fast and come up with a plan and a strategy. It might sound cliche but the show must go on. The business of fashion must go on and the business of fashion designers must go on and hence the show must go on. You may call it a show, but for us, it is a way of life where we not only showcase a collection by means of a fashion week, we create a platform where domestic and international buyers place orders. We understand that Indian designers have the capability to go digital. In fact, we started digital showcase with Pero by Aneeth Arora which was streamed live from her showroom at the fashion week, afew years ago. That was the beginning. At FDCI, we are ready to invest in technology to come up with something avant-garde and exceptional. Everything will be done using all the necessary precautions advised by the government and even more. However, the dates of the digital fashion week have not been announced. When we talk of couture week, a letter to all couture designers was sent out, which resulted in a majority of them preferring a latter date. Some have requested for June and July, others have asked for August and the beginning of September. We also cant afford to miss Spring Summer 21 which takes place in October. Weve decided the dates, but not announced them. If during that time, Covid-19 crisis continues to loom then wed delay the plans further. Keeping in mind the fact that the entire world seems to have adopted a wait and watch strategy, we havent announced the exact dates. Thosewill be announced in consultation with designers for couture week. August seems to be the preferred month for most people, he informs. View this post on Instagram           ANNOUNCEMENT | The FDCI is reinventing the wheels and the reset button has been pressed. FDCI goes digital! Stay tuned for Indias first ever digital fashion week. #FDCI #FDCIGoesDigital A post shared by  FDCI (@fdciofficial) on May 24, 2020 at 12:10am PDT ANNOUNCEMENT | The FDCI is reinventing the wheels and the reset button has been pressed. FDCI goes digital! Stay tuned for Indias first ever digital fashion week. #FDCI #FDCIGoesDigital A post shared by  FDCI (@fdciofficial) on May 24, 2020 at 12:10am PDT When asked if itll be physical show or a combination of both, like the neo-real or digi-reality, he says, Even if we go physical over there, we will work on themes which could be on the lines of a virtual runway or a physi-tal showcase. Im not tech savvy so itll be a combination of all these terms you mentioned. The big bang announcement is that we are going digital for sure and our format is not restricted to one fashion week. With FDCI insights, which we started during the lockdown, we have tasted incredible digital success in terms of views and reach and we will continue with it. Our post announcing the digital property has gone viral and this reaffirms our belief that we must be doing something right. If the industry supports us, we feel we are on the right track. We are sure well be emulated by other platforms in India and internationally. This is also our attempt to support our talent industry which includes models, makeup and hair artists as everyone is feeling the pinch right now, he adds. Designer Manish Malhotra shares that couture week is incredibly special to him but since Mumbai is under the lockdown, he needs more time to come up with something spectacular, I have been one of the first designers to put my work on the social media and I agree that digital is definitely the future. Given the pandemic, taking the virtual reality route makes sense. I applaud FDCIs efforts to come up with something so progressive. Having said that, I feel that right now fashion needs to be slow and responsible and I have beenrequesting them not to have it so soon and perhaps do it at the end of August or September, says Manish. Designer Suneet Varma, who plans to showcase around 35 pieces, says, A digital show presented with an of-the-moment technology will reach a much wider audience. In a way, it could be a real win-win for everyone as it willdemocratise fashion and reach out to more aspirational buyers. Designer Rahul Mishra who plans to participate observes that with this first-of-its-kind property, designers will take the art of storytelling to the next level. Its not about posting images as we are looking at creating a new language and an immersive experience. Both Mr Sethi and FDCIare very passionate about it and we wont leave a stone unturned, says Rahul. A lot of pre and post production is entailedas FDCI attempts to create a new ecosystem which transforms how fashion is perceived and consumed. Follow HT LifeStyle for more updates. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/coronavirus-pandemic-are-faceprint-face-masks-the-latest-fashion-accessory/story-Wy01LfmV3Jj1nzIe3WdBJK.html</url>
<title>Coronavirus pandemic: Are faceprint face masks the latest fashion accessory?</title>
<body >The coronavirus pandemic has brought out the most innovative side of people and has turned the unassuming facemask with its one-dimensional protective purpose into a fashion accessory and a must-have. The face mask is no longer just a safety accessory but is being used by people as a fashion statement. Be it designer face masks, embellished coverings, brightly coloured or pieces of art, the humble facemask has assumed all shapes and forms. And the latest trend that seems to have made its way to Indian shores is the face print face mask. The mask has a print or photograph of the person wearing it, which makes it easier for people to recognize them and also adds a personalised, customised touch to the essential hygienic accessory. The trend started in several cities around the world before making its way to a few photo studios in Chennais Pallavaram. The mask is printed with the persons face from nose to chin, which makes it easy to recognise despite wearing the mask. One such photo studio owner is Anto, who runs a photo studio in Pallavaram, and was very disappointed when during the Covid lockdown the number of customers in his store started to dwindle and business went south. When after the lockdown was lifted customers did start to come to the store they couldnt recognise him and Anto couldnt recognise them, which gave him the idea of making face-printed facemasks. In an interaction with DTNext Anto said, Our business has been completely down due to the lockdown for the past two months. Now we have opened the studio again to sell personalised masks. The thought of helping people and how trendy the idea is exciting. The studio owner went on to add that if people did not wish to come in themselves they could mail their photos to the studio and Antos team would make three washable facemasks made from cotton for Rs 500. He added, The public can also visit the studio and take fresh photos and masks will be ready in an hour. Reports also stated that a few doctors and nurses are also opting these trendy masks and have placed the orders. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/travel/pompeii-buried-by-vesuvius-blighted-by-coronavirus-ancient-roman-city-wants-to-rise-again/story-Uy6RWmZK8I7wbJNeOcxP7M.html</url>
<title>Pompeii: Buried by Vesuvius, blighted by coronavirus, ancient Roman city wants to rise again</title>
<body >Pompeii, the ancient Roman city buried in an eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD and later unearthed, is ready to rise again from the catastrophe of the coronavirus pandemic. The sprawling archaeological site reopened to tourists on Tuesday after a closure of more than two-and-a-half months that froze the local economy much as the eruption nearly 2,000 years ago froze the city in time. History has shown us that Pompeii is a resilient city par excellence, said Massimo Osanna, head of the Pompeii archaeological park. It has overcome catastrophes, earthquakes, eruptions, botched archaeological digs and illegal digs. It has shown that things can rise up from their ashes, he said at the re-opening. Authorities have mapped out one-way itineraries to make sure visitors, who will have to wear masks, keep safe social distances and avoid gathering. Also see: PHOTOS: Italys ancient city Pompeii reopens its ruins to public post-lockdown Lower levels of tourism, at least in the near future, will give fewer visitors an opportunity to have more of the city to themselves and enjoy what Osanna called an almost metaphysical experience. Pompeii, 23 km (14 miles) southeast of Naples, was home to about 13,000 people when it was buried under ash, pumice pebbles and dust as it endured the force of an eruption equivalent to many atomic bombs. About two-thirds of the 66-hectare (165-acre) town has since been uncovered. The ruins were not discovered until the 16th century and organised excavations began about 1750. A rare documentation of Greco-Roman life, Pompeii is one of Italys most popular attractions and a UNESCO World Heritage Site. We see this as an opportunity to re-launch the whole area. We certainly will not see the 4 million visitors we had last year, Osanna said. He said tourists who had visited in the past should return because a few previously closed sites in the park would be open. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed. ) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/travel/disney-seaworld-to-present-florida-theme-park-reopening-plans/story-WBXk0XKiJM2D9ySVJzVJ4L.html</url>
<title>Disney, SeaWorld to present Florida theme-park reopening plans</title>
<body >Floridas mighty theme-park industry is slowly cranking open its gates. Walt Disney Co. and SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. will be the next two operators to present their reopening plans to the Orange County task force charged with bringing the regions tourist economy back following a more than two-month closing due to the coronavirus. Comcast Corp.s Universal Studios parks have already requested and won the right to reopen to the general public on June 5. Legoland, a unit of Merlin Entertainments Ltd., said it will open June 1. Orlando is the undisputed theme-park capital of the world, attracting over 75 million visitors in 2018, or more than half of all tourism to the state. Disney and Universal have already opened the malls outside their resorts, much as Disney did in Shanghai. The companys theme park there reopened with limits on attendance and other precautions on May 11. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter . </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/travel/coronavirus-pandemic-life-under-lockdown-through-the-eyes-of-children-around-the-world/story-ocEMDfqid9e1cAymbSFNOL.html</url>
<title>Life under coronavirus lockdown, through the eyes of children around the world</title>
<body >These are children of the global pandemic. In the far-north Canadian town of Iqaluit, one boy has been glued to the news to learn everything he can about the coronavirus. A girl in Australia sees a vibrant future, tinged with sadness for the lives lost. A Rwandan boy is afraid the military will violently crack down on its citizens when his country lifts the lockdown. There is melancholy and boredom, and a lot of worrying, especially about parents working amid the disease, grandparents suddenly cut off from weekend visits, friends seen only on a video screen. Some children feel safe and protected. Others are scared. And yet, many also find joy in play, and even silliness. Associated Press reporters around the world asked kids about living with the virus and to use art to show us what they believe the future might hold. Some sketched or painted, while others sang, danced ballet, built with LEGOs. A few just wanted to talk. In the remote forests of northern California, one boy, a Karuk Indian, wrote a rap song to express his worries about how his tribe of just 5,000 will survive the pandemic. Their worries are matched in many places by resilience and hope, for a life beyond the virus. This is life under lockdown, through the eyes of children. ____ LILITHA JIPHETHU, 11, SOUTH AFRICA Lilitha Jiphethu has made a ball out of discarded plastic grocery bags to keep her amused during the lockdown. She and her four siblings play with that makeshift ball almost every day in a small scrub of ground that theyve fenced off outside their home. The 11-year-old screams as her brothers throw the ball at her. Then she laughs, picks up the ball and throws it back at them. This happens again and again. Lilithas house is like hundreds of others in this informal settlement of families just outside Johannesburg, South Africas biggest city. Its made of sheets of scrap metal nailed to wooden beams. Like many children under lockdown, she misses her friends and her teachers and especially misses playing her favorite game, netball. But she understands why school is closed and why they are being kept at home. I feel bad because I dont know if my family (can catch) this coronavirus, Lilitha says. I dont like it, this corona. She prefers singing to drawing and chooses to sing a church song in her first language, Xhosa, as her way of describing the future after the pandemic. She misses her choir but takes comfort in the songs lyrics. She smiles as she begins. Her sweet voice drifts through the one-room home. I have a friend in Jesus, she sings. He is loving and hes not like any other friend. He is not deceitful. He is not ashamed of us. He is truthful, and he is love. Bram Janssen and Gerald Imray __ HUDSON DRUTCHAS, 12, UNITED STATES Hudson Drutchas waited and worried as his mom and sister recovered from coronavirus, quarantined in their rooms. Just a few weeks earlier, he was a busy sixth-grader at Lasalle II, a public elementary school in Chicago. Then the governor issued a stay-at-home order. Now, the soft-spoken 12-year-old receives school assignments by computer and looks to dog Ty and cat Teddy for comfort. Since I dont get to see my friends a lot, theyre kind of my closest friends, he says. He giggles when Teddy, now 9, snarls. He sometimes gets really grumpy because hes an old man. But we still love him a lot. When not doing schoolwork, Hudson jumps and flips on his trampoline and lifts himself around a doorframe outfitted so he can practice climbing, something he usually does competitively. He knows hes fortunate, with a good home and family to keep him safe, but its difficult to be patient. It makes me feel sad that I am missing out on a part of my childhood, he says. When he draws his version of the future, Hudson makes a detailed pencil sketch showing life before the coronavirus and after. The world before looks stark and full of pollution in the drawing. In the future, the city is lush with clear skies and more wildlife and trees. I think the environment might kind of, like, replenish itself or maybe grow back, Hudson says. Still, he feels uncertain: Im worried about just how life will be after this. Like, will life change that much? Martha Irvine ___ ALEXANDRA KUSTOVA, 12, RUSSIA Hard times can have a silver lining. Alexandra Kustova has come to understand this during this pandemic. Now that all her studies are conducted online, she has more time for her two favorite hobbies -- ballet and jigsaw puzzles. The 12-year-old also able to spend more time with her family and help her grandmother, who lives in the same building, two floors down at their apartment in Yekaterinburg, a city in the Urals, a mountain range that partly divides Europe and Asia. Together, they take time to water tomato plants and enjoy one anothers company. Time has slowed down. Before that I would have breakfast with them, rush out to school, come back, have dinner, go to ballet classes, come back -- and it would already be time to go to bed, Alexandra says. Ballet has been her passion since she was 8. Now she does classes at home and sends videos of her drills to the trainer, who gives her feedback. The dance she shows for an AP reporter begins slowly and finishes with leaps in the air. Just like the pandemic, Alexandra says, it is sad in the beginning and then it becomes joyful. I believe the end is joyful because we must keep on living, keep on growing, she says. Yulia Alekseeva ______ TRESOR NDIZIHIWE, 12, RWANDA No school. No playing with friends. Soldiers everywhere. Thats life during the coronavirus pandemic for Tresor Ndizihiwe, a 12-year-old boy who lives in Rwanda, one of seven brothers and sisters. Their mother, Jacqueline Mukantwari is paid $50 a month as a schoolteacher, but she used to earn extra money giving private lessons. That business has dried up, and the family gets food parcels from the government twice a month. The only regular outside time Tresor has is in a small courtyard next to his home. The day becomes long, he says in his native tongue, Kinyarwanda. (You) cant go out there  he indicates the world outside his house  and it makes me feel really uncomfortable. Tresor draws a picture of the future that shows soldiers shooting civilians who are protesting, he says. He adds dabs of red paint next to one of those who has fallen. There is blood, he says, and some are crying, as you can see. Its a stark image for a boy to produce. Rwanda was the first country in Africa to enforce a total lockdown because of the virus. Its also a place where the security forces meant to be helping keep people safe have been accused of serious abuses of power. Yet he wants to be a soldier. Jacqueline says her son is a good student  so intelligent. She struggles to reconcile his own desire to join the military with the picture he has drawn. Daniel Sabiiti and Gerald Imray ___ JEIMMER ALEJANDRO RIVEROS, 9, COLOMBIA Life in Colombias countryside has become even more difficult for the family of Jeimmer Alejandro Riveros. The price of herbs and vegetables his single mom and siblings cultivate on a farm in Chipaque have declined. A spotty internet connection makes virtual classes difficult, and a nationwide quarantine means less time outdoors. Here is a mountain with a river, Jeimmer, 9, says, pointing at each item in his drawing. In his mind, the future doesnt look so different. Here I am. Heres my mommy. Here is my brother. Here is my house. Here is the sun and here is the sky. The family recently launched a YouTube channel with videos showing how to grow and propagate plants that now has more than 420,000 followers. Their first video, introducing the Jeimmers mom, older brother and dog, has garnered, by now, more than 1 million views. Lets make this go viral! Jeimmer says, as birds chirp in the background. Colombia is one of Latin Americas most unequal countries, and poverty abounds in rural areas where many still lack basic utilities like safe drinking water. Jeimmers family often walks 40 minutes a day to get fresh milk. Capital city Bogota  about an hour from the familys farm  has the highest number of coronavirus cases in Colombia. But cases are increasingly being identified in rural areas with few hospitals. Chipaque reported its first case earlier this month. Despite the obstacles, Jeimmer maintains an upbeat outlook on life under quarantine. He feels safe from the virus with his mom and brother. And he imagines a future with more time spent outdoors and one day, a grown-up job. It doesnt matter that were in lockdown, he says. We can be happy. Christine Armario ___ ISHIKIIHARA E-KOR, 11, UNITED STATES Ishikiihara E-kor misses all the normal kid things during the pandemic: playing baseball, hanging out with friends and having a real party for his 11th birthday, which he instead celebrated with relatives on a Zoom call. The internet periodically goes out for hours, making it hard for him to complete his school work, so he plays with his dog, Navi Noop Noop. But Shikii, as his friends call him, also has bigger things on his mind. Hes a Karuk Indian, a member of Californias second-largest tribe, and has been reading about how the pandemic is rampaging through the Navajo Nation, another tribe hundreds of miles away. The virus can feel far away in the tribes tiny outpost of Orleans, California, where the crystal clear lower Klamath River winds through densely forested mountains south of the Oregon-California border. But in a rap Shikii wrote, he urged fellow tribal members not to get complacent. Stay away, man, 6 feet at least. Social distancing, its a thing that could save us. What? Like 5,000 of us left, Karuk tribe, man, thats it. Ishikiihara, whose full name means sturgeon warrior in the Karuk language, later adds, If we even just lost a few people, that would be really sad. Rapping about his worries isnt new for him. He has a song about how his tribe lost its tradition fishing salmon runs on the Klamath River, pondering in verse why the Karuk needed permission to go fishin. Gillian Flaccus __ BANEEN AHMED, 10, JORDAN Despite the harshness she has experienced, the quiet, studious girl is brimming with hard-won optimism. Her familys suffering in war-time Iraq has taught Baneen Ahmed that outside events can turn life upside down in an instant. In the chaotic aftermath of the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, an uncle was kidnapped, and a great-uncle was killed by armed militias, forcing her family to seek refuge in Jordan. By comparison, the coronavirus pandemic seems manageable, the 10-year-old says. Scientists will find a vaccine, she says, speaking in halting but vocabulary-rich English, her favorite subject of study at a private school in the Jordanian capital of Amman. Its going to take a year or a little bit to find a cure, so its going to end, says Baneen, who prefers to talk and show how shes studying at home under lockdown, rather than drawing a picture. In Iraq, its not going to end, she continues. Its like so hard to end it, the killing and the kidnapping. In the future, she sees herself studying abroad, maybe in the United States or Turkey. Shes thought about a career in medicine, but is excited by any opportunity to learn. For her, school represents hope. I want to go somewhere else because they will let us study good things, Baneen says. And my future is going to be good. Karin Laub __ ELENA MORETTI, 11, ITALY For Elena Moretti, the pandemic is not some faraway threat. Italy was the first European country to be hit by COVID-19, and her mother is a doctor in the public health system that has seen 27,500 personnel infected and more than 160 doctors dead nationwide. Elena, 11, is afraid of the coronavirus. Whenever a package arrives in the mail, she brings it out onto the terrace and disinfects it with a spray-bottle soap solution she made herself. Its a bottle, too, in Elenas drawing, capturing the virus inside. The virus wanted to attack us, so instead of bringing us down, we counterattack and imprison it, she said of her drawing. That fighting spirit has helped Elena get through more than two months of lockdown. After an initial spell of sleeping late because her teachers hadnt transitioned to remote learning, Elena now does schoolwork, karate and hip-hop lessons online. Sometimes the internet connection goes out. But shes still managed to keep in touch with friends, with some video chats lasting for hours. Shes also discovered a new hobby, baking sweets  apple tort, cupcakes and cream-filled pastry. Now that Italys lockdown has begun to ease, Elena is starting to go out again, but the fear remains. Im afraid it might spread even more and take all of us, she said. Paolo Santalucia __ NIKI JOLENE BERGHAMRE-DAVIS, 11, AUSTRALIA When she doesnt move enough, she doesnt sleep well. So, Niki Jolene Berghamre-Davis tries to go hiking in the forest whenever possible during this global pandemic. Even in the best of times, thats where the 11-year-old from Port Melbourne, Australia, feels most at home. She is our nature girl, says her mother, Anna Berghamre. Her mom wasnt surprised when Niki Jolene drew a self-portrait of herself facing a grove of trees. Within the drawing, there are signs of caution. I have a face mask in my hand, she says holding up the drawing, because, well, Ive just kind of taken it off, and Im still aware. She says that falling leaves she included in the sketch symbolize the lives that have been lost in this pandemic. Yet the roots of the trees  wide and prominent like those of the flowering red gum trees near her familys townhome  represent possibilities, says the bubbly girl, known as Snickers to some of her friends. She smiles often, showing a full set of braces on her teeth. After this corona pandemic, after this will end, I think it will be much more full of life, she says, throwing her arms up for emphasis. She hopes, for instance, that people will walk more and drive less because shes noticed how people in her neighborhood have often done without their cars during the shutdown. I think people wont take things for granted anymore. Martha Irvine ___ DANYLO BOICHUK, 12, UKRAINE Danylo Boichuk envies his cat, Kari, who is able to escape from the family home in a Kyiv suburb and run free. Because of the pandemic, his family had to cancel a summer camp in Bulgaria, and 12-year-old Danylo worries a lot about closed borders. Sitting on his back porch, he has used his LEGO blocks and figures to create his version of the future  a situation at the border. Here is a vessel en route to Copenhagen, and border guards are inspecting it, Danylo explains, pointing to particular pieces and holding up others. This crew member shows medical evidence that everyone on board is healthy, except for one man in an isolation cell. The plastic figure makes a rattling sound after he drops it into the makeshift jail. There is a security guard restricting contact with the man, he continues. There are IT specialists at work. There are also people who lost their jobs  musicians, farmers, showmen. The boy wonders if authorities in some countries will use the coronavirus crisis to tighten their grip on peoples lives. For example, they may implant chips to track (peoples) whereabouts  , Danylo surmises. His parents say he has an analytical mind. Already, he wants to become a businessman in the future and create a start-up to develop online games. Hes been reading books about Steve Jobs, the founder of Apple, and other famous entrepreneurs, during self-isolation. After the pandemic, he says people will invest more in internet products and games. This is an opportunity one should use, he says. Dmitry Vlasov __ ANA LAURA RAMREZ LAVANDERO, 10, CUBA Her drawing depicts a simple enough dream for a 10-year-old  Viaje a la Playa, a trip to the beach. On the page, she has colored a palm tree with three brown coconuts, a boat floating in the distance and a shining yellow sun. It is a scene representative of life on her island country, known for its white sand and aqua-blue waters. For now, however, Ana Laura Ramrez Lavandero can only dream of the beach. Under lockdown, she finds herself confined to the fourth-floor apartment she shares with her parents and grandmother. On the balcony, she watches life through a rusted iron trellis. It can seem like a jail. My life changed, says the girl, whos accustomed to playing on the streets of her working and middle-income neighborhood in Havana. The only time shes been able to go out in nearly two months has been for an emergency trip to the dentist. Schools are closed, and because many people in Cuba dont have internet, the education ministry is broadcasting lessons on state television. Ana Laura dreams of becoming a famous drummer. This was her first year at a highly selective institute for students identified early on as musically talented. She is continuing with classes in math, history and Spanish, but not music. Her childrens chorus also cant meet right now. Usually, her own choir meets alongside another one, with boys and girls of all ages. People feel united in the chorus, she says wistfully. She cant wait to see them again. Andrea Rodrguez ___ SANWERIA BROTHERS, 8 AND 9, INDIA Advait Vallabh Sanweria, age 9, grins as his younger brother lists all the things theyve been doing during Indias extended shutdown. We get spanked, scolded, watch movies, cook, sweep floors and use the phone and make Skype calls, Uddhav Pratap Sanweria, age 8, says in Hindi. At times the brothers are a bit of a comedy routine, or at least a danger to the furniture in their home. Theyve turned one room into a cricket pitch, with one brother bowling, or pitching, the ball, while the other bats. Other times, they play quieter games, such as chess or Uno. Excited at first about school shutting down indefinitely, the brothers missed being able to go outside. It is frustrating to stay locked inside our homes, Advait Vallabh, the 9-year-old says of the lockdown, which have since eased a little. When I get frustrated, sometimes I read a book. Sometimes I cry. Recently, the brothers were excited to see a rainbow arching across blue skies outside their home. The weather has changed so much, says Advait Vallabh, noting the visibly fresh air in New Delhi, as pollution in the otherwise choked city has cleared drastically during the lockdown. Even with the ups and downs, the brothers believe the lockdown should continue for a year. They shouldnt reopen until the time there are zero cases left, the younger Uddhav Pratap says. Rishi Lekhi and Rishabh Raj Jain ___ OWEN WATSON, 12, CANADA Dressed in a puffy parka made by his mom and with cellphone in hand, Owen Watson gives a tour of his town, Iqaluit, in the far-north Canadian territory of Nunavut. Theres still snow on the ground in May, though the days are getting longer in this place known for its spectacular views of the northern lights. That light blue place is the school that I used to go to, 12-year-old Owen says of the shuttered structure behind him. Then he turns to a playground. Its not supposed to be played with right now. Surrounded by rivers, lakes and the ocean, filled with Arctic char, his dad, Aaron Watson, says the name of their town means fishes in Inuktitut, the language spoken by this regions Inuit people, which includes Owen and his mom and sister. Dad is originally from Stratford, Ontario, and works in the tourism industry in Nunavut. Under nationwide shutdown, Owen has kept busy with packets of work from his teachers. He rides his bike around the even-quieter-than-usual town  and tries not to worry too much. His dad observes how much Owen has been watching news about the coronavirus and wonders if theyre raising a future scientist. So far, there have been no documented cases of the coronavirus in the town of about 8,000 people, many of whom work for the federal government and the city. When flights are running, they can fly to the Canadian capital, Ottawa, in three hours. So young Owen thinks its only a matter of time before the virus arrives. If it gets here, he says, Ill be more afraid. He waits and watches. The sun sets to the west, as clouds reflect soft shades of pink and purple. Its a lot for a boy to think about. -Martha Irvine (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed. ) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/asha-negi-confirms-break-up-with-rithvik-dhanjani-says-she-will-always-have-love-and-compassion-for-him/story-anjBdLhZ4xUkF27TrfrNKO.html</url>
<title>Asha Negi confirms break-up with Rithvik Dhanjani, says she will always have love and compassion for him</title>
<body >Asha Negi has ended weeks of speculation and confirmed her break-up with her boyfriend of six years Rithvik Dhanjani. However, she said that though they were no longer together, she will always have love and compassion for him. In an interview with Pinkvilla, Asha said, People fall apart, relationships fall apart. But the main thing in life is that you have love and compassion for the person and that never dies. She did not divulge details of what led to the break-up and said, I would like to say that (respect and compassion) will always be there. I dont want to talk so much about my personal life. Rithvik and Asha met on the sets of their show Pavitra Rishta. However, it was not love at first sight for them. It was only after spending a lot of time on the sets that their friendship blossomed into something more and they began dating in 2013. A few months after their relationship became public, Rithvik and Asha participated in the dance reality show Nach Baliye 6 and won the trophy. Also read: Pooja Bedi reveals daughter Alaya F, son Omar encouraged her to remarry before she met fianc Maneck Contractor Reports of Rithvik and Ashas break-up began doing the rounds last month. What added fuel to the fire was a cryptic quote shared on his Instagram stories days after the reports surfaced. Nothing should go back to normal. Normal wasnt working. If we go back to the way things were, we will have lost the lesson. May we rise up and do better, the quote read. Meanwhile, Asha is currently seen in the web series Baarish 2, alongside Sharman Joshi. A Hindustan Times review of the show called it stagnant and dated: There is no easy way to say it: Baarish 2 -- from Ekta Kapoors stable of romance/family drama -- does not remind you of gentle pitter-patter of raindrops and nature re-energising itself. Instead, it puts you slam-dunk in the middle of a torrential Mumbai downpour where you struggle for your very life as you pick your way through manholes. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 13, 2020 19:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cyclone-amphan-hit-people-get-help-from-various-organisations/story-ulroKUZn7VZ7be7hqca1PJ.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan-hit people get help from various organisations</title>
<body >Organisations of different types  philanthropic and industrial  reached out to thousands of people affected by Cyclone Amphan in West Bengal. The Bharat Sevashram Sangha, Ramakrishna Mission and the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) have started providing cooked and dry foods to the people who have lost everything because of the cyclone that ravaged the state after making landfall in the evening of May 20 and claimed at least 86 lives. Bharat Seva Sangha Principal Secretary Swami Biswatmananda said they have activated community kitchen in several affected locations through their ashrams and schools they run to support over 30,000 people with cooked food. People had taken shelter in our ashrams and schools in Gangasagar, Namkhana and other locations. I have issued an instruction that none should be turned down. Full-fledged kitchens in North and South 24 Parganas districts have started, he said. The CII said they will distribute three tonne of dry food such as biscuits, baby food, milk, instant noodles and other articles. CII has formed a task force. It has mobilized relief work and has got in touch with the district administrations. CII has got in touch with Disaster Management. Government is in the process of preparing requirement list and will send to the CII, according to a statement of the industrial body. The Ramakrishna Math and Mission also said it will lend a helping hand to the victims of the Cyclone Amphan. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/cyclone-amphan-shows-cost-of-delaying-38-billion-bangladesh-delta-plan/story-SZ40tAZMFvyO33L1vOCwRN.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan shows cost of delaying $38 billion Bangladesh delta plan</title>
<body >Mizanur Rahman recalls the last time a major tropical storm hit Bangladesh, when Cyclone Sidr killed more than 3,000 people in 2007. In the aftermath of the destruction, he watched the dead body of a woman being washed ashore by the tide. That image doesnt go away. It keeps coming back, Rahman, a bungalow caretaker, said in the coastal town of Patuakali in Bangladeshs huge river delta. The district was devastated by the 2007 storm and has been hit by a series of cyclones since, the latest being Amphan, which tore into the region last week, killing about 100 people in Bangladesh and India and causing more than $13 billion in damage. In an effort to strengthen its climate resilience, the Bangladesh government in 2018 approved Delta Plan 2100, an eight-decade program combining water and land management and development. The first phase requires about $38 billion by 2030 to implement 80 projects, including 65 tied to infrastructure. Raising that money was never going to be easy, but now the program to protect the 37 million people who live in the delta is in limbo -- hit first by the coronavirus and then by the damage from Amphan. Bangladesh evacuated 2.4 million people from coastal districts, State Minister for Disaster Management Enamur Rahman said in Dhaka on May 19, the day before the storm hit. Fundraising is a big challenge, said Shamsul Alam, a senior secretary of the Bangladesh Planning Commission and lead author of the Delta Plan. The coronavirus came as a huge, sudden shock. We have to readjust in the short run -- maybe for three to four budgets. We have to think carefully how we can adjust to the new situation. If nothing is done by 2050, climate change could make another 14% of the country extremely vulnerable to floods and displace some 35 million people from the coastal districts. The combined effects of climate change could cost the country as much as 2% of gross domestic product per year. Dutch Help A Dutch consortium led by consultancy Twynstra helped develop the Delta Plan, most of which is in the worlds most-populated river delta, where the waters of the Ganges, the Brahmaputra and the Meghna reach the Bay of Bengal. Almost a third of the first-phase budget is earmarked for 23 coastal projects to prevent flooding, including land reclamation and building islands and polders. Bangladesh, a nation of more than 160 million people, currently invests 0.8% of GDP in water-related projects and would have to raise that to about 2.5% by 2030 to implement the projects with minimum financing, Alam said. The coronavirus is one truth were facing now and climate change is another, he said. We need to handle these two issues in a combined way. We will emphasize our health services and go with universal health coverage, and at the same time, we need safe drinking water for health and good sanitation. These issues are interrelated. The country has more than 35,000 confirmed cases of Covid-19 and already borrowed $950 million from lenders, including $600 million from the Asian Development Bank, to tackle the virus. Bangladesh increased its social protection and economic stimulus package to 1 trillion taka, or 3.6% of the countrys GDP. The government will have to prioritize the immediate response and recovery effort over longer-term development projects, said Joseph Parkes, Asia analyst at global risk research company Verisk Maplecroft. We expect donors and the government to back the Delta Plan over the long run, even if the immediate focus shifts to the public-health crisis. Bangladeshs rapid economic growth in the past two decades, fueled by an expanding garment trade and a burgeoning information-technology industry, has helped the country improve its resilience and gave momentum to the Delta Plan. Lives Lost When Cyclone Sidr hit in 2007, it was the strongest storm to make landfall in Bangladesh, causing damage and losses of as much as $1.7 billion, but its death toll was about 1% of the more than 300,000 lives lost in the Bhola Cyclone of 1970, the deadliest in the nations history. Still, Amphan shows the nations continued vulnerability to rising sea levels if it doesnt improve its defenses. Storm surges from cyclones can inundate land and water supplies, causing extensive damage to livelihoods in rural areas, where about 85% of the poor live. Agriculture and fishing account for almost half the jobs in the country and support more than 70% of the population, according to the ADB. Days after the storm passed, Amir Hossain, a resident of the island of Char Montaz in the Bay of Bengal, stood on an embankment built more than a decade ago to protect the fishing district. The tide was still two feet higher than normal, Hossain said on May 25 as the water buffeted the sea defenses. Without the dike, we would have been washed away. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 09:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/indians-abroad/indian-american-couple-develops-low-cost-ventilator-for-covid-19-patients/story-q1iny4sAv5mVY4JFNoqKYI.html</url>
<title>Indian-American couple develops low-cost ventilator for Covid-19 patients</title>
<body >An Indian-American couple has developed a low-cost portable emergency ventilator which is soon to hit the production stage and will be available in India and the developing world to help doctors deal with the COVID-19 patients. Prompted by the lack of adequate ventilators during the coronavirus pandemic, Devesh Ranjan, a professor and associate chair in the prestigious Georgia Techs George W Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering and his wife Kumuda Ranjan, a practising family physician in Atlanta, developed the emergency ventilator from concept to prototype in just about three weeks-time. If you can do a manufacturing of scale, it can be produced (item cost) in less than USD 100. Even with a price point of USD 500, they (the manufacturer) would have enough money to make sure that they are making enough profit in the market, Professor Ranjan told PTI. He said a ventilator of this type, on an average in the US, costs USD 10,000. A ventilator takes over the bodys breathing process when disease has caused the lungs to fail. This gives the patient time to fight off the infection and recover.  Ranjan, however, clarified that theirs is not an ICU ventilator, which is more sophisticated and costs more. This Open-AirVentGT has been developed to address acute respiratory distress syndrome, a common complication for COVID-19 patients which causes their lungs to stiffen, requiring their breathing to be assisted by ventilators, he said. The ventilator developed at the Georgia Institute of Technology uses electronic sensors and computer control to manage key clinical parameters such as respiration rate, tidal volume (the amount of air moved into and out of the lungs during each cycle), inspiration and expiration ratio, and pressure on the lungs. The whole goal of this project was to make a low cost makeshift ventilator that gives those controls to the physician, Dr Kumuda told PTI, noting that there is going to be a global shortage of ventilator given the massive spread of coronavirus, which so far has killed more than 345,000 people globally and infected over 5.4 million. In the United States till Monday, more than 98,000 Americans had died and nearly 1.7 million had tested positive. Scientists are racing against time to develop a vaccine or come out with a therapeutic treatment. Born and brought up in Patna, Bihar, Ranjan earned his degree in engineering from Regional Engineering College, Trichy followed by Masters and PhD from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and has been teaching at Georgia Tech for the last six years. Kumuda moved with her parents to the US from Ranchi when she was six. She did her medical training and residency in New Jersey. Both Ranjan and Kumuda said that India had the potential to become a global manufacturing of low cost ventilators and export across the world at a rate that is affordable to all. Professor Ranjan said that the low-cost ventilator has been developed keeping in mind the requirements of countries like India and those in Africa, where the affordability care is a very big factor in providing healthcare to the people. The idea was to develop a lost cost ventilator, which can be manufactured very easily using the already available supply chain in India, he said. Rajan said that the team has been approached by Georgia Tech alumni in Ghana and India to set up manufacturing lines in their countries. The impact of this could be significant if other parts of the world are hit by the COVID-19 pandemic. Having equipment that can be made quickly where it is needed and with the kind of control system doctors need could really help address the worldwide impact of this virus, he said.    The prototype is now being developed into a real product by Singapore-based Renew Group, headed by Ravi Sajwan, an Indian-American from Uttarakhand. We have built a wide collaborative network with a single focus of getting more ventilators into the most disadvantaged health systems in the world in order to help doctors and patients dealing with COVID-19, Sajwan said. Addressing the critical shortage of low-cost, mechanical ventilators is a key focus of Renew Group, who are collaborating with a group of companies and affiliates committed to fast-track the manufacture and distribution of the medical-grade ventilation device, Open-AirVentGT  to hospitals and remote facilities in under-privileged countries including India, Vietnam, Sri Lanka and Cambodia, the company said in a statement. To maximise the effectiveness of treating patients on ventilators, Renew Group is working together with the LifeSignals Group to integrate their wearable medical biosensors, a single-use patch that allows remote patient monitoring of respiration rate, heart rate, ECG and oxygen saturation (Sp02). This technology partnership will provide enhanced patient treatment and monitoring by wirelessly transmitting patient vital sign data directly to the Open-AirVentGT ventilator, allowing the ventilator pumps to respond to the patients breathing rhythm and requirements complementing the use of standard pre-set algorithms, the company said. Ventilators play a critical role in the management of COVID-19 patients suffering with severe respiratory conditions. Our engineers are working to integrate medical biosensor technology into the Open-AirVentGT ventilator that will enhance the treatment and care of the most critical COVID-19 patients, said Surendar Magar, Chief Executive Officer and co-Founder of LifeSignals Group. PTI LKJ MRJ  MRJ </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/science/coronavirus-pandemic-is-exposing-the-limits-of-science/story-L4ktTihmFPkFz7eovL5NFO.html</url>
<title>Coronavirus pandemic Is exposing the limits of science</title>
<body >The 2008 financial crisis led the public to discover the limits of economics. The Covid-19 pandemic risks having the same effect on scientists and medical doctors. Since the start of the outbreak, citizens have struggled to get clear answers to some basic questions. Consider masks, for example: The World Health Organization said early on that there was no point in encouraging healthy people to use them, but now most doctors agree that widespread mask-wearing is a good idea. There was also confusion around lockdowns: In the U.K., scientists argued for weeks over the merits of closing businesses and keeping people at home a quarrel that may have cost the country lives. And now that the outbreak is fading in Italy, there is growing debate between the countrys public health experts and doctorsover whether the virus has lost strength or remains just as deadly. These disputes are only natural since we are dealing with a novel coronavirus that caught most Western health-care systems off-guard. Meanwhile, scientists across the world have raced to share data, and a number of companies have ramped up work on a vaccine, which could be one of the fastest-developed in human history. And yet, the pandemic has reminded us that science and medicine in particular has limits. In a way, the last few months have resembled what occurred in the 2008 crisis, as economists fought over the right response to the crash. The academic community split between those who said the U.S. government should save all large banks and those who said it should let Lehman Brothers go bust. In Europe, the controversy centered around whether countries should pursue austerity or run large-scale budget deficits. These divisions, and the ensuing policy mistakes, dented economists reputation in the eyes of the general public. The comparison with 2008 is fitting because economists are faring relatively well during this pandemic. True, there was some initial support, including from the European Central Bank and the U.K. Treasury, for the idea that the outbreak would be followed by a rapid V-shaped recovery and this hypothesis has lost ground as weve braced for a longer and deeper slump. However, economists were quick to reach consensus that governments and central banks should expand fiscal and monetary policy, to boost demand as lockdowns crushed economic activity. Regulators, too, acted swiftly, giving banks greater flexibility to keep lending to companies and individuals. It is still early days, but the overall impression of economics is that of a united professional and academic body, one that did not let the financial crisis go to waste but instead learned from it. On the other hand, scientists and medical doctors have struggled to convey a unified message to the public. This does not mean they have failed in their duty. Far from it. Health-care professionals are the true heroes of this crisis, risking their lives to protect the rest of us. But on a range of issues from containingthe virusto prescribing effective treatments we have seen some scientists and doctorsjumpto conclusions, only for others to give immediate rebuttals. (The contention over the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine is one example.) This seesawing has added to the sense of panic and confusion among ordinary citizens. It is often said that economics is not a science, because one cannot make hard predictions. As the pandemic has shown, even the natural sciences struggle when faced with a new phenomenon. Research does not produce immediate answers. Scientists, doctors and public health experts should not be afraid to say clearly how much they do not yet know. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 14:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/with-nearly-7-000-covid-19-cases-in-24-hrs-india-records-biggest-surge-for-4th-day/story-a9OLfWk3detE9o2C8iZ39H.html</url>
<title>With nearly 7,000 Covid-19 cases in 24 hrs, India records biggest surge for 4th day</title>
<body >The number of coronavirus disease (Covid-19) cases hit a new high on Monday in the country as India reported 6,977 new cases in the last 24 hours, taking the tally of infections to 138,845, data from the Union health ministry showed. Monday is the fourth-straight day that India has reported the biggest one-day rise in the number of infections and more than 6,000 Covid-19 cases across the country. There were 77,103 active cases on Monday morning, nearly four months after the first patient of the coronavirus disease was reported in India in January from Kerala. Also read: Centre identifies 4 cities as role models for handling Covid-19 pandemic The death toll from the highly infectious disease rose to 4,021 after 154 people died between Sunday and Monday morning, according to the health ministry dashboard. There were 57,720 patients who have been sent home from hospitals, up from 54,440 patients from Sunday, taking the recovery rate to 41.57% so far. The latest 10,000 infections were recorded in two days. India recorded its first 10,000 Covid-19 cases in nearly 43 days, with a wave of infections beginning in March after three isolated cases were first reported in Kerala in January. It took seven days for the cases to climb from 20,000 to 30,000. The diseases doubling rate, which is defined as the average period it takes for a twofold rise, decreased from 13.9 days on May 18 the day the cases hit 100,000  to 13.1 on Sunday. Also read: Surge in Covid-19 cases pushes Mumbai to the brink The doubling rate, which is calculated over the last seven days, was four days at the beginning of April. Several experts say the peak of the outbreak in India is yet to come. India had on Sunday overtook Iran to become the 10th biggest hotspot of the pathogen after a surge of more than 6,700 new Covid-19 cases. Maharashtra has breached the grim 50,000-mark and reported 1,635 deaths. In Tamil Nadu, more than 16,000 cases have been reported and Delhi has over 13,400 infected people so far. Also read| 14-day quarantine to 7 days home isolation: Guidelines for domestic air travellers Gujarat, the fourth worst-affected state, has seen over 14,000 cases and 858 deaths till date. Globally, more than 5.4 million infections have been recorded and 345,060 people have succumbed to the respiratory disease. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 09:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/covid-surge-pushes-mumbai-to-the-brink/story-qp2BGV2eRIaq09N5jqfOrO.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 surge pushes Mumbai to the brink</title>
<body >On May 10, a 35-year-old bank loan agent in Mumbai suddenly developed a temperature. With the city firmly in the grip of the coronavirus pandemic, his family was alarmed but he dismissed their concern, saying he hadnt come in contact with any confirmed Covid-19 patient. He ran to the local store in Vakola, and bought a strip of paracetamol. It didnt help. By morning, he was burning up and over the next two days, his condition slowly deteriorated. On May 13, his 38-year-old brother took him to VN Desai Hospital where an X-ray showed patches of pneumonia in his lungs that made the consulting doctor suspicious. He was referred to Cooper Hospital, a designated Covid-19 hospital. After standing in a line for two hours, I was informed that the line for the fever clinic is different. By that time, my brother had trouble breathing. So, I rushed him to a private nursing home, said his brother.The nursing home refused to admit him without a swab test. So, he was taken to Hinduja Hospital for a test. Also Watch | Covid-19: India now 10th biggest hotspot, varied quarantine rules as flights resume After three days on May 16, the report confirmed that he was a Covid-19 carrier. Worried, his brother called the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporations (BMC) helpline number. At 6pm that day, two doctors came to the house. The doctors informed me that at around 8pm, they will send an ambulance, said the brother. Finally after four hours of wait, at round 12.30am, the vehicle came, he said. But there was a new problem  the ambulance didnt have oxygen support, critical for a patient with breathing problems. By the time they reached Guru Nanak Hospital, four kms away, the patients oxygen levels dipped to dangerous levels. The hospital had no ICU beds available so the doctor referred him to Seven Hills Hospitals. They reached the hospital at 1.45am. Police stopped us at the gate and told us that there were no beds. Then they us asked to go to Nair hospital [in central Mumbai], said the brother. By now, he had travelled across five suburbs. Frantic, the brother dialed Nair Hospital, one of the largest facilities in Mumbai with 52 ICU beds, but was told there was none available. Four more hours were spent in the ambulance before a local politician helped the family get an ICU bed at the Jogeshwari Trauma Centre. The bed was available only after 9am. My brothers back was paining and he couldnt breathe, so I took him home. We rested for four hours, then went to Jogeshwari, said the 38-year-old. When they reached the hospital at 9am on May 18, they were informed that there were no vacant beds. At around 12pm, the patient was admitted to the ICU  a week after his symptoms had worsened. That night, the hospital told the brother the patient had been put on a ventilator. At 12.35am, the hospital informed me that my brother succumbed to his infection, the brother said. The harrowing experience of the Vakola family is not isolated. On May 1, a family from Chembur visited five hospitals to get a 62-year-old woman admitted but couldnt. A 38-year-old patient from Govandi could not find a bed for four days and was turned away from four government hospitals. His condition is now critical but he has not even been administered a swab test. Much like New York was in March and April, Mumbai is now struggling to cope with the surge of Covid patients. With 30, 542 cases and 988 fatalities, city hospitals are stretched to capacity, front-line staff are struggling to deal with physical, emotional and psychological trauma. Doctors are contracting the infection by the dozen, fights are breaking out in hospital queues and bodies of deceased patients are being left behind in wards for hours on end. The civic body has taken over private hospitals and is looking to turn buses and school vans into ambulances. Mumbai is on the verge of a health crisis, said Dr Deepak Baid, president of Association of Medical Consultants. The corporation should have made the arrangements earlier... Now, the helpline number has started giving a token number for the waiting list. They dont even consider the patients who are critical. Hospital beds in Mumbai are divided into three categories: One, Covid Care Centres 1 and 2 (CCCs 1 and 2), the first for high-risk contacts of positive persons and the second for asymtomatic and mild patients. Two, Dedicated Covid Health Centres (DCHC) for symptomatic patients and moderately ill patients and some patients with co-morbidity; and, three, Dedicated Covid Hospitals (DCH) for patients showing prolonged symptoms, senior citizens, severely ill and critical patients. In all, there are 73,000 beds in Mumbai -- 5500 DCH, 10,000 DCHC, 23,000 CCC1 (only for contacts), and 34,500 CCC2 beds. Suresh Kakani, additional commissioner (health), BMC ,said the body has sufficient CCC, DCHC and DCH beds for Covid-19 patients. It is true however, that there are limited number of ICU beds and these need to be used judiciously, he admitted. The Maharashtra governments data says roughly 29% of the states patients need hospitalization. Daksha Shah, deputy health officer of the BMC, added that 20% of the patients require ICU care and 5%, ventilators. In Mumbai, which has 21,297 active cases, this, on average, translates to roughly 6,100 patients needing hospitalization, 4,200 patients needing ICU beds and 1,060 requiring ventilators. A separate calculation by the daily report of state medical education and drugs department pegged the percentage of patients requiring critical care at 5%. If this figure is extrapolated for Mumbai, it translates to around 1,000 patients. But the BMC controls just 530 ICU beds, though the capacity has now gone up to 1,165 after the government on Friday took over 80% of beds in private hospitals in the city. Additionally, the city has 589 ventilators, and 2,255 beds with oxygen support systems. This will be inadequate, said a top state health department officer on condition of anonymity. He said according to the governments calculations, almost 0.5% of Mumbai will be infected by the end of June, which translated to at least 100,000 infections. At the 5% ICU requirement calculation mentioned earlier, this translates to 5,000 ICU beds. One big advantage Mumbai has over New York is that India has a much lower fatality rate than the US  2.9% compared to 5.9%. Government procedure dictates that a patient is supposed to call the BMC helpline and get themselves registered, which is then allotted to the patient as soon as it is available. The BMC helpline is fielding 3,000 calls daily  out of which 1,800 are for bed requests -- but the lack of live dashboards means that helpline coordinators cannot guide patients on time. By the time, we assign a bed to a caller, the bed gets booked by another critical patient, said a volunteer on condition of anonymity. In response, BMC officials said they have put in place a foolproof system.We have appointed a doctor in the 1916 control room, who is supposed to gauge the need to allot an ICU bed after asking a set number of simple questions...Every co-morbid patient does not need an ICU bed. More patients need oxygen beds for assisted breathing. BMCs facilities have sufficient oxygen beds, said Kakani. Officials also said they are developing a live dashboard in coordination with a private company that will be installed soon. According to the government, there are four main reasons for the shortage in critical care. One, many patients and their relatives prefer major hospitals to peripheral hospitals. While we have beds available in peripheral hospitals, we cannot force a patient to go there if he doesnt want to. The hospitals everyone chooses are the ones that are over burdened, said a senior civic body official. Two, the stigma and panic around the infection prompt many families to not seek treatment on time. They wait and watch for the symptoms to subside, but it only gets worse. Many patients come to hospitals at a much later stage of the infection, and then need critical healthcare, said a second civic body official. Three, many patients insist that doctors put them on oxygen support even if their levels are normal. Due to the anxiety and fear, they become breathless. Then they assume that their oxygen saturation is low, said Dr Om Srivastava, an epidemiologist and part of the Covid task force. Four, many officials feel private non-covid hospitals should not discharge a Covid-19 patient until a bed is found in a Covid hospital. We coaxed private hospitals, offered them incentives, but it did not work. Hence we came up with the guidelines for 80% reservation of beds in all private hospitals, managed and distributed centrally by BMC, said a third civic body official. The BMC says it is preparing for an even bigger surge in cases. Sections of jumbo facilities for asymptomatic patients in six locations are being converted into critical care units, with at least 10,000 beds added. At least 50% of these will have oxygen points as well and 10% beds will be reserved for virus patients who need dialysis. The BMC is also revamping mini buses and school buses to make ambulances and will add 350 vehicles to its 250-strong fleet. The surge of the pandemic has hit hard thousands of medical staff at the forefront of the fight against the virus. Interns, resident doctors, senior doctors, and nurses, all working in three shifts of eight hours each with personal protective equipment (PPE) as their only shield, are fighting a steep battle against not just the disease but also mental health concerns. In Mumbai alone, 300 medical staff have contracted the infection. We cant start the air conditioning due to possible transmission of the virus. In this heat, we have to work in PPE for 6-8 hours without even drinking water. With precipitation and dehydration, our body starts aching. We feel dizzy, said a doctor stationed in the isolation ward of St George Hospital. Many woman nurses and doctors complain of urinary tract infection (UTI) due to the dehydration. The problem gets worse during menstruation. With the PPE on, we cant even go to the washroom, said a nurse from Kasturba Gandhi Hospital. All the medical staff on Covid duty are given alternative accommodation in hotels or lodges. Many havent seen their family for over two months. I have a 3-year-old daughter whom I have seen last in March. We do video chats everyday but I miss hugging her, said Mahalaxmi Iyer, a nurse at Seven Hills Hospital, a resident of Vasai. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/from-14-day-quarantine-to-7-days-home-isolation-guidelines-for-domestic-air-travellers-from-today/story-Y4YND1LR3CTZBUL7ykLf0K.html</url>
<title>From 14-day quarantine to 7 days home isolation: Guidelines for domestic air travellers from today</title>
<body >Air travel is set to resume from Monday across the country and many of the states have opted to set their own rules instead of following the Centres guidelines for departing and disembarking passengers. States have announced varied quarantine and self-isolation rules for arriving passengers. Several states said passengers will be taken to a facility only if they show symptoms of fever or coughin line with Union government guidelines released on Sundaywhile several have decided to additionally mandate or suggest self-isolation for either 14 or 28 days, even if a traveller is asymptomatic. Also read| Domestic flight services resume: All you need to know Heres what the states have to say: Maharashtra The Mumbai airport will deal with only 50 domestic flights per day from Monday. Even those without symptoms likely to get home quarantine stamp. And, those coming to the city for a short duration are likely to be exempt. Also Watch | Covid-19: India now 10th biggest hotspot, varied quarantine rules as flights resume Tamil Nadu The state government had earlier written to the Centre asking for domestic air travel to be deferred to the lockdowns end on May 31. It has allowed 25 flights and released a standard operating procedure (SOP) on quarantine. Asymptomatic and mildly symptomatic travellers will undergo 14-day quarantine at either home or hotel. Moderately and severely-affected people will be hospitalised. All passengers will be stamped with a quarantine seal with indelible ink and cannot leave the airport without it. Delhi Passengers who land in the national capitals at the Indira Gandhi International airport and are asymptomatic will not require quarantine or isolation. Asymptomatic passengers will be allowed to go with the advice that they shall self-monitor their health for 14 days. In case they develop any symptoms, they shall inform the district surveillance officer or the state/national call centre on 1075. Those found symptomatic will be isolated and taken to the nearest health facility. They will be assessed for clinical severity in the health facility. Those having moderate or severe symptoms will be admitted to dedicated Covid-19 health facilities and managed accordingly. Those with mild symptoms will be given the option of home isolation or isolated in a Covid-19 care centre. Karnataka It has said that passengers travelling from high incidence zones, such as Delhi, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, will have to stay under institutional or state-run quarantine for seven days and home quarantine for another week. Those flying in from states not considered high incidence zones will be home quarantined for 14 days. Medical professionals, members of the defence services, paramilitary and railway services will also be home quarantined for 14 days. However, businesspersons travelling with a Covid-19 negative test certificate from an Indian Council of Medical Research-approved lab two days before the date of travel will not be quarantined. Punjab The state government has also announced a 14-day home quarantine for those entering the state via flight, train or bus. Chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh said on Saturday that rapid testing teams would check on all who have been home quarantined within a period of 14 days to ensure no violation and strict compliance of rules. Those found symptomatic will be kept in isolation and Covid-19 test will be conducted on them. Goa On arrival passengers will be given an option of getting themselves Rs 2,000 or they may opt for a mandatory 14-day home quarantine if they do not have symptoms. If someone has the symptoms, they will be tested. Chandigarh The Union territory administration will also keep contact details of all passengers, as well as getting them to sign an undertaking. Kerala Entry passes will be a must for all domestic passengers, which can be obtained from a website. Those without the pass will have to undergo a 14-day institutional quarantine. The quarantine will not be necessary for travellers on business and others who will be in the state for a brief time. Chhattisgarh Even those without symptom will have to quarantine themselves for 14 days. However, passengers can choose between home or hotel quarantine. Bihar No provision of quarantining passengers who do not have the symptoms of the coronavirus disease. Assam All incoming passengers will have to undergo a screening and be under 14 days of quarantine in home and institutional facility. Those who test negative will be allowed to go home earlier but will have to be in isolation till the completion of 14 days. Mizoram Only permanent residents of the state and government employees stranded in other parts will be allowed to return. Mizoram will require incoming passengers to undergo 14 days of institutional quarantine. Meghalaya Passengers will be picked up from the Guwahati airport and brought to Shillong or Tura. They will be kept in an institutional quarantine for at least 48 hours and their tests will be conducted. Those found negative will be allowed to go home. Tripura and Manipur Tripura will conduct pool testing and Manipur will test symptomatic people and ask them to undergo home quarantine for 14 days. Jammu and Kashmir All passengers arriving in the Union territory will have to undergo institutional quarantine for a fortnight. Uttar Pradesh The state will send those who intend to stay in the state to 14 days home quarantine. They will be tested after six days and can end isolation if it returns negative. Those without a separate room and toilet for isolation can opt for institutional quarantine. Those in the state for a week need to provide details and a return ticket before leaving the airport. All passengers must register on https://reg.upcovidin. Rajasthan All passengers arriving at the Jaipur airport will have to undergo 14 days of home quarantine. Those coming for business and those with a negative report will be allowed to move around after seven days. Madhya Pradesh Passengers will have to go to a government facility for testing, if they have symptoms. Only passengers testing negative will be kept in institutional quarantine for 10 days. Telangana and Andhra Pradesh Telangana wont stop asymptotic passengers. All symptomatic passengers arriving in Andhra Pradesh will have to undergo quarantine when services resume from Tuesday. Asymptotic passengers will have to be in home isolation for 14 days. Odisha Twelve flights will begin operating from the Bhubaneswar airport from Monday and three from Jharsuguda. If someone is coming for three days or 72 hours, no mandatory quarantine is needed. If someone is going out three days or 72 hours, no quarantine is required after coming back. For others, 14-day home or institutional quarantine is necessary. Uttarakhand The state has said a decision will be taken depending on the passengers health examination and travel history. Himachal Pradesh It will allow only residents of the state to fly in and they will have to undergo thermal screening and will be quarantined for 28 daysseven days at an institutional facility and 21 days at home. Non-resident passengers will not be allowed entry and will be sent back from institutional quarantine to their state. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/centre-identifies-4-model-cities-for-covid-handling/story-9dm4dVcsqvZU0YGWMynbEN.html</url>
<title>Centre identifies 4 cities as role models for handling Covid-19 pandemic</title>
<body >Four cities -- Jaipur, Indore, Chennai and Bengaluru -- could  serve as possible role models  for other urban centres  in handling the Covid-19 pandemic that India is striving to control while moving to restart the economy. In the last few days, the Centre has  organized meetings between different municipal bodies to share their experiences in two broad aspects of Covid19 management: effective practises in handling a very high number of positive cases and keeping the mortality rates low, said officials aware of the developments. It  identified Jaipur and Indore metropolitan areas for innovate ways of tackling a high caseload and Chennai and Bengaluru  as examples of large cities that are able to keep their mortality rates low. Also read: Surge in Covid-19 cases pushes Mumbai to the brink Many Indian municipalities are facing challenges such as shorter case-doubling time, higher confirmation rates and higher mortality rates than the national average while issues like perimeter control of containment zones, mapping of buffer zones and house-to-house surveillance require more effective management. Slums and other high-density pockets inside the municipalities pose higher risk in Covid-19 management in the top urban centres. Both Indore and Jaipur are aggressively conducting house-to-house surveys and contact tracing. While Indore has formed special patrolling teams for by-lanes, Jaipur has limited groceries or vegetable vendors in different localities to curb the potential  super spreaders. As shops or milk booths see a large number of footfalls during the day, municipal workers and the local police are keeping a close eye on these places to ensure regular sanitizing and other measures. Chennai and Bangaluru account for a sizeable number of Covid cases i but have been able to keep the mortality rate to about just 1%-- much lower than the Indias national average of around 3%. Also read| Covid-19: What you need to know today A senior official said that the two southern cities had led by example in the treatment of Covid-19 patients. Both Chennai and Bengaluru have optimized the use of ventilators and patient triage or assigning the degree of urgency in cases while handling a large number of patients, said the official, who requested anonymity . We have seen some cities where ventilators have been used irrationally. But the patient management in southern states, particularly in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, has been much better, he added. The strategy adopted by Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation was also lauded in the recent meetings. The city has established a network of private hospitals and municipal authorities for pooling health infrastructure. The city is also working to make a portal to display online the availability of beds in different hospitals apart from GPS-enabled ambulances for real-time tracking. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 09:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/oxford-s-covid-19-vaccine-trial-has-50-chance-of-success-project-leader/story-q3fJfqYKDszlDd7qS4XjZP.html</url>
<title>Oxfords Covid-19 vaccine trial has 50% chance of success: Project leader</title>
<body >The University of Oxfords Covid-19 vaccine trial has only a 50% chance of success as the coronavirus seems to be fading rapidly in Britain, the professor co-leading the development of the vaccine has said. Oxfords Jenner Institute has tied up with biopharma major AstraZeneca Plc to produce the vaccine on a mass scale if the results are successful. The experimental vaccine, known as ChAdOx1 nCoV-19, is one of the front-runners in the global race to provide protection against the new coronavirus causing the coronavirus pandemic. The upcoming trial, involving 10,000 volunteers, threatened to return no result due to low transmission of Covid-19 in the community, Adrian Hill, director of the Jenner Institute, said. Its a race against the virus disappearing, and against time. At the moment, theres a 50% chance that we get no result at all, Hill said while speaking to the British newspaper, the Telegraph. Hills team began early-stage human trials of the vaccine in April, making it one of a handful to have reached that milestone. Earlier this week, the developers of the vaccine had described their efforts as progressing very well, moving to the next phase after completing 1,000 immunisations by its candidate-vaccine on healthy human adults. The next phase, the second in the typical three phases of trials that a vaccine goes through, involves enrolling up to 10,260 adults and children to assess the immune response to the vaccine in people of different ages and assess if there is a variation. The Oxford study is merging Phases II and III for speedier development. Phase III involves assessing how the vaccine works in a large number of people over the age of 18, and how well it prevents people from becoming infected and unwell with Covid-19. Adult participants in both the Phase II and Phase III groups will be randomised to receive one or two doses of either the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine or a licensed vaccine (MenACWY) that will be used as a control for comparison. The experts said ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 is made from a virus (ChAdOx1), which is a weakened version of a common cold virus (adenovirus) that causes infections in chimpanzees, that has been genetically changed so that it is impossible for it to replicate in humans. Results of the animal trials of the vaccine on pre-print server bioRxiv had said that while the vaccine seemed to protect the monkeys from developing pneumonia, one of the conditions brought about by Covid-19 in people, it does not appear to stop them from being infected, nor prevent them from being transmitters. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 13:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/67-of-india-s-total-covid-19-cases-come-from-four-states-a-look-at-state-wise-coronavirus-numbers/story-RD6NOFV5ZgocYmXhLwsVfK.html</url>
<title>67% of Indias total Covid-19 cases come from 4 states: A look at state-wise coronavirus numbers</title>
<body >India reported another steep single-day surge in Covid-19 cases with 6,767 new infections. With this, Indias coronavirus tally jumped to 131,868 on Sunday. Indias coronavirus death toll stands at 3,867 fatalities while more than 54,000 patients have recovered from the disease across the country. The big 4 Covid-19 states - Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Delhi - continue to struggle with a surge in Covid-19 cases. Together, these four states account for over 67% of the total number of cases in India. Heres taking a look at Covid-19 state-wise tally The big 4 Covid-19 cases in Maharashtra crossed the 47,000 on Sunday with 47,190 patients. The state has recorded 1,577 deaths so far, highest in the country, while over 13,000 patients (13,404) have recovered from Covid-19. Tamil Nadu has the second-highest number of coronavirus cases in the country. The state has reported 15,512 coronavirus cases so far while 7,491 people have recovered and 103 patients have died. The Covid-19 tally in Gujarat stands at 13,664 - third highest in the country. Gujarat has seen 6,169 people recover from coronavirus while 829 people have died. In Delhi, the Covid-19 has jumped to 12,910. Two hundred and thirty-one people have died from the infection here while 6,267 have made a recovery. Also read: India now has infrastructure to treat 10 lakh Covid-19 patients States with over 5,000 cases Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh are the states where the coronavirus cases have breached the 5,000-mark and are rapidly inching towards 10,000. Coronavirus cases in Rajasthan touched 6,742 on Sunday. The state has reported 160 fatalities while 3,786 patients have recovered from the infection in the state. In Madhya Pradesh, as many as 6,371 people been infected from Covid-19 till date. Two hundred and eighty-one people have died from Covid-19 in the state while 3,267 have recovered. The number of Covid-19 positive cases have jumped to 6,017 in Uttar Pradesh. While 3,406 people have recovered from coronavirus in Uttar Pradesh, 155 have died from the infection here. Situation in other states West Bengal is a state where coronavirus cases have breached the 3,000-mark and are rapidly rising. The number of infected cases in West Bengal reached 3,459 on Sunday. There have been 269 deaths and 1,281 recoveries in the state. States like Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Odisha, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Haryana and Bihar have reported over 1,000 but less than 3,000 Covid-19 cases till date. States like Kerala, Jharkhand, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Tripura have reported under 1,000 Covid-19 cases. Goa, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Puducherry, Meghalaya, Manipur have less than 100 Covid-19 cases. States and Union territories with just one positive Covid-19 case include Dadar Nagar Havel, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram. All patients in Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram have recovered. Note: Figures are from official data released by the Ministry of Health, and may differ from realtime numbers released by various state governments subject to confirmation from the Centre. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 10:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/who-don-t-make-it-a-victim-of-the-us-china-rift/story-koPuMEK0UPv3C72eoD6E5M.html</url>
<title>WHO: Dont make it a victim of the US-China rift</title>
<body >Union health minister Harsh Vardhan has taken over as chairman of the World Health Organization (WHO) executive board, a position that is held on a rotational basis among regional groups in the 34-member board for a year.  This has happened at a difficult time for both the world and WHO. The world has been turned upside down by the coronavirus disease (Covid-19). It is not that humanity has never been confronted by pandemics and natural disasters in the past. But Covid-19 ranks as being unprecedented in living memory for most people. The minister will only have limited powers since this is not a full-time position, and his  ability to guide WHO during this trying time will be challenging. Vardhans task has been made more complicated by the fact that at least 100 members of the 194 World Health Assembly, which are signatories to the nomination of board members, are arraigned against China. They feel that the Chinese authorities did not share information on the coronavirus with the world on time. WHO has also been subject to criticism from the United States (US), which feels that it favoured China despite evidence that Beijing was less-than-transparent in its supply of information on the virus.The US recently  announced that it will suspend WHO funding. The spat between China and the US, as well as China and many other countries who share suspicions about Beijings handling of the pandemic, has had an impact on the global effort to combat the pandemic. This will have a huge impact on our collective future. If the US and its allies retreat from WHO, it will make the working of the organisation difficult both in terms of funding and global acceptance of its guidelines. Since its inception, WHO has faced several diplomatic obstacles. But this is the first time it has been caught in the middle of an emerging cold war between two mighty powers, the US and China. WHOplayed a vital role in the eradication of polio and smallpox, and it can play an important role in the battle against Covid-19 if its role is seen as objective, and guided by medical and scientific expertise. Whatever the merits of the arguments against WHO, the world needs such an organisation in these fraught times. If we go back in history, we will see the need for such an overarching organisations to settle disputes and bring about a rule-based order in a fractious world. The  League of Nations was constituted after World War I, with the objective of dealing with international disputes through negotiation and arbitration. The League played an important role in resolving smaller inter-state disputes. But the fact that the USwas not a member of the League  President Woodrow Wilson encouraged its formation, but the legislative wing did not support USparticipation  weakened the League right at the outset.  Many had hoped that the world would never see a war of such magnitude again. But then came  World War II. The world once again recognised that an international body, with clear principles and more widespread participation, including of the bigger powers, was essential to maintain peace and resolve disputes. The charter of the United Nations (UN) came into force on October 24, 1945. The UN played an important role in the half-century period of the Cold War between the US and the erstwhile Soviet Union, despite the rivalry between the two powers, each wielding a veto, playing out in the UN Security Council. But everything changed after the fall of the Berlin Wall. When the Soviet Union broke up, the world took on a unipolar dimension with the US as the undisputed leader. No one could stop its onward march. When the US and its allies attacked Iraq, the UN could do little to prevent this.  The war was initiated on the premise that the then dictator of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, had a huge cache of  weapons of mass destruction. Around 1,625 observers from the UN and the US had inspected the 1,700 suspected sites. Nothing was found. It is clear the attack was due to other motives.  The needless war cost billions of dollars and took countless innocent lives. Saddam Hussein was toppled and eventually hanged, but the reasons for that war are still  up for debate. The attack on Iraq and Afghanistan by the US and its allies resulted in a more dangerous world as it acted as a catalyst to jihadi forces. The UN, with its limited powers and the powerful veto of  the big five nations,  failed to intervene effectively in both the wars, and the world is still paying the price.  When WHO is being made a pawn in a big power game between the US and China, we must look back at the fateful consequences of devaluing global organisations. The actual war today between the two superpowers is over trade and the nature and balance of power in the future international system. Global health must not be made a scapegoat in this process, just as Iraq was made a scapegoat once in oil politics. We should also remember that leadership skills are tested in crises.  Indias health minister  has and continues to play an important role in the fight against  Covid-19 in the country. Hopefully, his sage advice and wise counsel will prevail on the global stage in his new role in WHO. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/hopes-trimmed-in-lockdown-fret-not-you-still-have-your-tweezers/story-Ukls9lHfXabYlLVzx67HCK.html</url>
<title>Hopes trimmed in lockdown? Fret not, you still have your tweezers</title>
<body >Beauty parlours and salons are still closed in Delhi, Mumbai and many other Covid-19 containment zones and Zoom meetings are still on. Are tweezers your friends? If they werent, maybe now they are. Missing parlour wali didi yet? My eyebrows are on their way to touch my eyelids. The shape of my brothers eyebrows is probably better than mine, says Shatabdi Chowdhury, who works for a media house in Delhi. She suggested starting a social media challenge where people would proudly post their pictures showing how they look (especially with facial hair) during the lockdown when theres almost no access to parlours, salons and spas. She, however, dropped the idea a few minutes later. Kind of embarrassing, lets skip, she said. Tweezers, of course. Every time I have to participate in a video meeting, I put on make-up. Even a little BB cream and a nice eyeliner do the trick, says Shikha Khanna, founder of a Gurugram-based startup. Swati Chaudhary, a teacher conducting online classes, says, once I had by mistake bought a tiny eyebrow razor while shopping online. It was lying in the corner of some never-opened drawer. Guess what, it is now coming in handy. Who ever knew? Aishwarya Parikh, a Chennai-based video journalist, says Ive stopped giving close-up shots, and then of course, theres makeup to the rescue if it is absolutely necessary. She does get conscious of the facial hair while on camera, but even if parlours have reopened in the city, I cant risk contracting the virus by going there. They say inside beauty is what matters the most, well, its easier said than done. Lockdown has been a hard time for everyone, more so for people, who are managing household chores, without any assistance from domestic helps like earlier, alongside working for home. Office work has always been demanding, however, many people were able to catch a break by a visit to a salon or spa that would not only relax their body but also help them get a refreshing look, be it by shaping eyebrows, a new haircut, a foot massage or a facial treatment for glowing skin. Its like losing out on me time, says Dr. Hemal Vajani, a clinical hypnotherapist. At a time when work-from-home has become the new normal and is likely to continue in the weeks to come, people have no choice but to engage in video meetings. Jyoti, a Faridabad-based beautician says,  I keep getting calls from people to enquire when Ill reopen the parlour but not many take appointments. We are both scared of the touching involved in beauty treatments that puts us at a risk of contracting the disease. Her business has taken a massive hit and the crisis is far from over. Since shes got rent and kids school fee to pay, she finally opened her parlour two days ago and is taking only two appointments a day. She uses the gap between appointments to sanitise the space. There are a lot of DIY videos doing the rounds on social media but theres only so much time one can dedicate to such activities when you know those dishes are waiting in the sink or that pressure cooker is chasing you with all the whistling or that laptop keyboard is waiting to be hit on. So, tweezers it is. Vajani says its not easy because we live with a lot of people around us who are going to react if theyre not used to seeing us in a particular manner. Any difference in physical appearance shows on video calls and then the judgment follows. Given the mental and emotional stress during the lockdown, even a slightest judgement can bring down some peoples morale, according to the doctor. Its not that the judgment by itself is an issue, but already one is struggling with his/her confidence and image as a person. When one doesnt feel worthy, then that limited judgment can affect the persons self esteem, Vajani told hindustantimes.com. However, the doctor suggested that lockdown can act as a period when people can grow out of the esteem they derive from beauty treatments and physical appearance because ultimately it is all about how they feel about themselves. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-hilariously-trolls-katrina-kaif-as-mango-season-arrives-promises-to-eat-mangoes-with-as-much-love-as-her/story-KUcFijxO0KOAMU1cGBP4aL.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor hilariously trolls Katrina Kaif as mango season arrives, promises to eat mangoes with as much love as her</title>
<body >Katrina Kaifs chemistry with mangoes in the commercial of a popular mango drink has been much talked about. Arjun Kapoor teased her as he announced the arrival of mango season in his new Instagram post. Sharing a picture of a mango, Arjun wrote, Hello friends, mango season is here... aur aam dekh ke yaad aaya... @katrinakaif, would you like a SLICE? #Mango #Summer #AamKiBaat. Katrina replied, Yes pl I would like a few slices. He then quipped, @katrinakaif u organise na for us actually Katrina... I promise to eat em with as much luv as u... hehe. Fans loved their fun banter and showered love in the comments section. Hahaha...the bond u share with her is just awww, one Instagram user wrote. Another used witty wordplay in his comment and wrote, Kya aam joke maara hai! View this post on Instagram           Hello friends, mango season is here... aur aam dekh ke yaad aaya... @katrinakaif, would you like a SLICE ?  #Mango #Summer #AamKiBaat A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on May 25, 2020 at 12:29am PDT Hello friends, mango season is here... aur aam dekh ke yaad aaya... @katrinakaif, would you like a SLICE ?  #Mango #Summer #AamKiBaat A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on May 25, 2020 at 12:29am PDT Arjun and Katrina share a close bond and miss no opportunity to troll each other. Recently, when she shared a video of herself doing the dishes at home during the lockdown, he jokingly referred to her as Kaantaben 2.0 and invited her to his home. Earlier, on Koffee With Karan, Katrina had said that she has been friends with Arjun for a long time and knew him from even before he entered the film industry. She also revealed that he and Varun Dhawan started an I Hate Katrina Kaif club together. However, last year, Arjun shared in an Instagram post that the I Hate Katrina Kaif club had been converted into a fan club. So @varundvn  I are starting a new fan club #WeLoveKK aka @katrinakaif !!! Here we are seen awarding her, for absolutely no reason whatsoever... PS - the Dalmatian trophy Katrinas holding represents our faithful friendship kyunki yeh dosti #firstclass hai !!! he wrote. View this post on Instagram           So @varundvn  I are starting a new fan club #WeLoveKK aka @katrinakaif !!! Here we are seen awarding her, for absolutely no reason whatsoever... PS - the Dalmatian trophy Katrinas holding represents our faithful friendship kyunki yeh dosti #firstclass hai !!!  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Mar 27, 2019 at 5:32am PDT So @varundvn  I are starting a new fan club #WeLoveKK aka @katrinakaif !!! Here we are seen awarding her, for absolutely no reason whatsoever... PS - the Dalmatian trophy Katrinas holding represents our faithful friendship kyunki yeh dosti #firstclass hai !!!  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Mar 27, 2019 at 5:32am PDT Also read: Vir Das neighbour sneezes on him during altercation, asks his dead parents to haunt actor. Watch video Katrina will be seen next in Rohit Shettys cop drama Sooryavanshi, while Arjuns next release is Dibakar Banerjees much-delayed thriller Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar. Both films were scheduled for a March 2020 release before the coronavirus pandemic led to them being indefinitely pushed. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/don-t-like-to-make-comparisons-but-have-huge-admiration-for-sunil-gavaskar-karsan-ghavri/story-xRTRq03YPSPD5nI0sqqm5M.html</url>
<title>Have huge admiration for him: Karsan Ghavri on comparisons between Gavaskar, Tendulkar and Kohli</title>
<body >Karsan Ghavri, the former India left-arm pacer, is clear in his thoughts when he says he wont be making comparisons between Sunil Gavaskar, Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli. He feels drawing parallels between the three will be unfair given the vastly contrasting eras these batsmen played their cricket in. And yet, one cant help but estimate from his tone that Ghavri is a tad more inclined towards the batting of his former India teammate. Even though Ghavri calls Gavaskar, Tendulkar and Kohli champions of their respective generation, the former quick admires how Gavaskar batted fearlessly against the top teams in the world, at a time when each of them had a genuine fast bowler on pitches that were left uncovered. Also Read | The Fish  Chips story behind Sunil Gavaskars India captaincy All three of them are greats of the game, but one player I have always admired is Sunil Gavaskar. He played all his cricket on uncovered pitches and there were no restrictions on bouncers. Against all of that, hes scored 34 centuries and 10000 runs, batting against brilliant attacks, Ghavri told Hindustan Times. When he was playing, every team had a quality fast bowler  genuine and express. Australia had Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson; West Indies had five of them. England had Bob Willis. Pakistan had Imran and Sarfraz. New Zealand had Sir Richard Hadlee. As an opening batsman, he scored all those runs. There were no protective gears. When Sachin came around, or when Virat came in, the rules had changed. There is no doubt in Ghavris mind that Kohli is the best batsman in the world today, along with being a damn good captain. His record as captain for Royal Challengers Bangalore notwithstanding, Kohli has captained India in 89 matches, winning 62 and 24. However, despite an impressive win percentage of 71.83 percent, under Kohli, India have stuttered in big match scenarios, losing crucial knockout matches such as the final of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 and the semifinal of last years World Cup. Also Read | You could not give a bad ball to him:Anderson, Steyn recall bowling against Tendulkar In fact, the knockouts are a hurdle India have not been able to cross since winning the 2013 Champions Trophy  their last ICC tournament win. Even under MS Dhoni, India lost the final of the 2014 World T20, the semifinal of the 2015 World Cup and the semifinal of the 2016 World T20 in India. Is that something to be worried about? Not as per Ghavri. But the Indian team is reaching the knockouts, right? See, over the years, right since 1983, we have entered so many finals, so many trophies we have won. I think its the habit of winning trophies which we have developed over the years, because of which we are not content as long as we do not have a trophy in hand - even if that means we tend to overlook the fact that the Indian team has done so well to reach the final four or final two. Playing all nine teams and topping the group in a World Cup is no mean feat, he said. Look at the composition of the team. All 15-16 of them are match-winners. Its no longer like it was in the early days, when cricketers made it into the team because lets say he is the captains favourite. He who is in the team is on the basis of merit. But right now, it is totally performance-based. Looking back, Ghavri was unfortunate to not be part of what turned out to be Indias first-ever ICC knockout game  the semifinal of the 1983 World Cup  as he faded around early 1981. The two World Cups Ghavri was a part of were the first two editions in 1975 and 1979, where India performed miserably, winning just one match out of six combined. Of course, four years later, India did the unthinkable as created history as under Kapil Dev, they became world champions, but what changed in those four years? In those eight years from 75 to 83, we had no planning. We didnt know how to play 60 overs Those first two world Cups. We had no clue, no idea, Ghavri explained. We never planned anything or had any strategies like which player to include against which team. The transformation happened after winning the 83 World Cup. This team started believing in themselves. The West Indies, Australia were all great teams. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/pakistan-new-breeding-ground-of-locusts-say-experts/story-qe5pw1dxpnBdPxZEch5YrL.html</url>
<title>Pakistan new breeding ground of locusts, say experts</title>
<body >Pakistan has become a new breeding ground of desert locusts, entering Rajasthan from adjoining areas in Pakistan, said BR Kadwa, deputy director of the agriculture department. Swarms of locusts are entering Rajasthan from adjoining areas in Pak every 2-3 days since a month. Pakistan has become the new breeding ground of the locusts and hence we are seeing the repeated attacks of locusts in the state. Four swarms have entered Jaipur recently, Kadwa told news agency ANI. He further said that fortunately, Rabi crop has been harvested and Kharif sowing season is yet to arrive. The desert locust is one of about a dozen species of short-horned grasshoppers. This swarm originated in the Horn of Africa, where excess rains triggered a breeding boom. According to Indian experts, the swarm entering India now had another round of breeding in Baluchistan, Iran and Pakistan. Locusts entered Rajasthan from Pakistan in April, and then drifted into other parts of western India. They are currently active in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. Rajasthan is currently the worst-affected state, according to the Union Environment ministry. Adult desert locust swarms can fly up to 150 km a day with the wind and adult insects can consume roughly their own weight in fresh food per day. A single square kilometre swarm can eat as much food in a day as 35,000 people. They feed on nearly all green vegetation - leaves, flowers, bark, stems, fruit, and seeds - and crops including millet, rice, maize, sorghum, sugarcane, barley, cotton, fruit trees, date palm, vegetables, rangeland grasses, acacia, pines and banana. Desert locusts change their behaviour from acting as individuals to becoming part of a group, forming dense and mobile hordes. Swarms can be several hundred square kilometres and extremely dense, with up to 80 million adults in each square kilometre. The last major infestation was in 2003-2005 when more than 12 million hectares were treated in west and northwest Africa, costing hundreds of millions of dollars, including food aid. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/nepal-puts-on-hold-constitution-amendment-for-new-map-that-upset-india/story-A9XnqDS9nE487hNd3huZvJ.html</url>
<title>In huge setback to PM Oli, Nepals new political map hits a roadblock</title>
<body >A constitutional amendment pushed hard by Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli to alter Nepals map has been put on hold, people familiar with the development told Hindustan Times on Wednesday. The new political map placed Indian territories of Kalapani, Limpiyadhura and Lipulekh in Nepal and was seen as an effort by PM Oli to consolidate himself in the Nepal Communist Party government by whipping up ultra-nationalistic sentiments against India. But he wasnt able to build consensus around the new map among Nepal parties, many of them saw through his effort to invoke gorkha nationalism for personal gains, political sources in New Delhi and Kathmandu said. PM Oli, who has been facing problems within the ruling Nepal Communist Party, is seen to have prompted loud protests in Kathmandu this month at a 80-km stretch of road opened by India from Uttarakhands Dharchula to Lipulekh. He responded to this public sentiment a few weeks later with a new political map that depicted Lipulekh and Kalapani as part of Nepalese territory. The map, released within a day of the cabinet approval, showed Lipulekh, Kalapani and Limpiyadhura as part of Byas rural municipality in Nepals Sudurpaschim province. Also watch | Rahul Gandhi demands transparency on faceoff with China  ties with Nepal Also read: Lipu Lekh:The past, present and future of the Nepal-India stand-off| Analysis PM Oli had next raced to parliament to get its endorsement. But that plan appeared to have fallen apart after the main opposition party, Nepali Congress, made it clear that it could spell out its stand only after its Central Working Committee takes a decision. India had rejected the new political map, underlining that it includes parts of Indian territory. This unilateral act is not based on historical facts and evidence. It is contrary to the bilateral understanding to resolve the outstanding boundary issues through diplomatic dialogue. Such artificial enlargement of territorial claims will not be accepted by India, the external affairs ministry in New Delhi had said. Army chief Gen Manoj Mukund Naravane had articulated the assessment in New Delhi when he suggested that the protests could be at the behest of someone else  a veiled reference to China. Also Read: Real targets of Nepal PM Olis new political map are in Kathmandu That remark had riled PM Oli so much that he asked Nepals Chief of Army General Purna Chandra Thapa to deliver a public rebuttal to General Naravane. But General Thapa is learnt to have declined, top sources said, pointing that this was a political issue and had nothing to do with the military. Like the Indian ArmyChief Naranave who is an honorary General of the Nepal Army, Nepals Army Chief Thapa is the honorary General of the Indian Army. It is only after General Thapa declined to be dragged into the governments politics that the Nepal defence minister Ishwor Pokhrel issued a statement criticising General Naravane. For PM Oli, Wednesdays developments come as another setback. This is the second time in two months that he has had to move in reverse gear. Last month, PM Oli had to scrap two ordinances that he had cleared within five days of being notified. But the Oli government attempted to put up a brave face and claimed that he would be back with the constitution amendment bill within 10 days. It has only been deferred, not cancelled, PM Oli said on Wednesday. . </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid-fir-against-sonia-gandhi-over-congress-tweets-against-pm-cares-fund/video-yNM2xsVpnGKkvKk2ODn4HK.html</url>
<title>Covid: FIR against Sonia Gandhi over Congress tweets against PM-CARES fund</title>
<body >A First Information Report has been filed by Karnataka police against Sonia Gandhi, chief of the Indian National Congress party. A lawyer filed a complaint against Congress tweets regarding the PM-CARES fund which used the hashtag #PMCareFraud. He claimed that the party was spreading false rumours regarding the fund started by Prime Minister Narendra Modi amid Covid-19 pandemic. Congress has questioned alleged lack of transparency regarding money collected in the fund. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/13rd-flights-to-operate-fare-caps-for-3-months-govt-lays-down-guidelinesvideo/video-6rLA1eShlPp1OxiOXHXumO.html</url>
<title>1/3rd flights to operate, fare caps for 3 months: Govt lays down guidelines</title>
<body >Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri spoke on the guidelines for domestic flights. The government started domestic flights in India from 25 May. Puri said 1/3rd of the flights will be operational for three months. Aviation Ministry also capped airfares. The government also laid down rules for passengers regarding the Aarogya Setu app, cabin luggage, etc. Watch the full video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nawazuddin-siddiqui-s-wife-aaliya-told-him-not-to-write-controversial-autobiography-says-he-thought-he-was-being-mahan/story-UYLX9kc5Asc5qCdtD7foAO.html</url>
<title>Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya told him not to write controversial autobiography, says he thought he was being mahan</title>
<body >Actor Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife, Aaliya, who is embroiled in a bitter divorce dispute with him, has spoken about his controversial autobiography, that was pulled from the shelves after numerous complaints in 2017. Aaliya, who has accused Nawaz of being an absent father, of disrespecting her throughout their relationship, and of distancing himself from her in public, has said that she warned him against writing the book, in which he made startling personal revelations. Nawaz had spoken candidly about past relationships and flings, leading the women named in the book to protest. Also read:Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids Aaliya told The Times of India in an interview, When a person tries to be smart toh woh ulta pad jata hai (being cunning often backfires). If you are truthful then maybe the world would accept you. She added, You wrote about your girlfriend and affairs, I told him not to write about someones personal life and we have also fought over it but he believes that at times such things make you mahan (great). They dont make you mahan but your character is revealed. Expressing concern about the ethics of naming people in the industry, Aaliya continued, She is a girl working in the industry, how can you ruin someones image with whom youve been in a relationship? I have seen his world and have decided to stand for myself. Why should I save his respect when he doesnt respect anyone. How long will a person suffer? It has been 10 years. What you see is not always the truth, to know him you have to spend time with him, which I have done. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya claims they have been living separately for past 4-5 years Aaliya, who has been married to Nawaz for a decade and has two children with him, served him divorce papers via email and WhatsApp earlier this month. According to her lawyer, the actor, who is quarantining in his hometown of Budhana in Uttar Pradesh, is yet to respond. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 08:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/he-s-a-mystery-don-t-know-how-he-keeps-going-robin-uthappa-lauds-kkr-owner-shah-rukh-khan/story-uXiPFcf0tBqGJODbR24dEO.html</url>
<title>Hes a mystery, dont know how he keeps going: Robin Uthappa lauds KKR owner Shah Rukh Khan</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khan is regarded as one of the most popular actors on the planet. The Bollywood megastar, known by his initials SRK, became an integral member of the cricket fraternity when he invested in the Indian Premier League franchise Kolkata Knight Riders. In 2007, during the inaugural season of the tournament, KKR presented a mixture of Bollywood and cricket - like never seen before in the country, and Shah Rukh Khan was at the forefront of it all. The franchise, though got off to a poor star, finishing 6th in the first season, and then ending with a wooden spoon in the 2nd season. In 2011, the franchise rolled in Gautam Gambhir as the captain and the fortunes started changing for KKR. In the next four years, KKR won the title twice under Gambhir.But throughout the entire rollercoaster ride, co-owner Shah Rukh remained a prominent figure during KKR matches at Eden Gardens and, to this day, has been often seen taking a frontal role in every success of the team. Also read: Take stress out of Virat Kohlis life:Former India pacer bats for Rohit Sharma as captain inT20Is In an interview to BBC on their Doosra podcast, Robin Uthappa lauded the actor for his immense energy and ability to lift up the team. In the interview, England cricketer-turned-commentator Isa Guha recalled a KKR party after they won in 2014 and said that she recalls Shah Rukh Khan was leading the dance floor. In response, Uthappa, who was part of the KKR franchise when they won the titles in 2012 and 2014, said that the Bollywood actor is a mystery to him. The mans energy is kinda impetuous. He lifts everyone off the chairs and brings them on the dance floor. Hes a mystery to me, he said. Also read:His body can bend when he moves: Suresh Raina names Indias best fielder Uthappa further praised the KKR owner: I dont know how he keeps going. He gets four hours of sleep at night, I dont know how he does it. But hes amazing, hes an amazing human being as well, he said. Former England captain David Gower, on Saturday, also recalled the experience of watching a match between KKR and KXIP with Shah Rukh Khan and said that that the actor comes across as an astute cricket fan and means serious business when it comes to leading from the front as a co-owner of Kolkata Knight Riders. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 10:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aishwarya-rai-wishes-mom-vrinda-shares-adorable-pic-with-aaradhya-we-love-you-our-birthday-girl-shine-on/story-U8TKpM4PeNHhsHrWohg7aL.html</url>
<title>Aishwarya Rai wishes mom Vrinda, shares adorable pic with Aaradhya: We love you our birthday girl, shine on</title>
<body >Actor Aishwarya Rai Bachchan on Sunday took to Instagram to wish her mother Vrinda Rai on her birthday. She also posted two pictures. She wrote: Our Darling Mommyyy- Doddaaa We LOVE you Our Birthday Girl Shine On. While one is a solo picture of her mother, the second one is with her daughter Aaradhya. View this post on Instagram           Our Darling Mommyyy- Doddaaa We LOVE you Our Birthday Girl Shine On  A post shared by  AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on May 23, 2020 at 12:13pm PDT Our Darling Mommyyy- Doddaaa We LOVE you Our Birthday Girl Shine On  A post shared by  AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on May 23, 2020 at 12:13pm PDT Aishwarya routinely shares pictures of her parents. Sometime back, she had posted a picture with her mother and daughter Aaradhya posing in front of the garlanded image of her late father Krishnaraj Rai on the occasion of his death anniversary. God Bless Always. With another picture where Aaradhya and she pose for a selfie with her dads portrait behind them, she had written: Love you our daddyyy-ajjaaa forever and beyond Our Guardian Angel Alllllways. Aishwarya has been at her home in Mumbai with husband Abhishek Bachchan, father-in-law Amitabh Bachchan and other members of the Bachchan household. Only her mother-in-law Jaya Bachchan is currently in Delhi, where she had to stay back, when the first lockdown was announced. Also read: When Dharmendra broke down during Esha Deols vidaai, mother Hema Malini hugged her goodbye. Watch video While Aishwaryas posts through the two and half months of quarantine have not been as frequent as many other celebrities, she has posted content once in a while. At the tragic demise of veteran actor Rishi Kapoor and her Jazbaa co-star Irrfan Khan, she had written notes of condolences. She had written about Rishi Kapoor, So much love for you...and from you my dearest Chintu uncle...ALWAYS... so heartbroken...May your Soul Rest in Peace God Bless There will never be another... just TOO SPECIAL.. and the memories... Precious... Miss you and Love you Forever... Writing about Irrfan, she had written: May your Soul Rest in Peace my dear friend Irrfan... like we said.. We Keep it Real... Always...God Bless. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 09:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/us-navy-successfully-tests-a-laser-weapon-that-can-destroy-aircraft-mid-flight/story-hHUtnzugX77Rh7r133EH1I.html</url>
<title>US Navy successfully tests a laser weapon that can destroy aircraft mid-flight</title>
<body >A US Navy warship has successfully tested a new high-energy laser weapon that can destroy aircraft mid-flight, the Navys Pacific Fleet has announced.   Images and videos provided by the Navy show the amphibious transport dock ship USS Portland executing the first system-level implementation of a high-energy class solid-state laser to disable an aerial drone aircraft, the Navy said in a statement on Friday. It did not give a specific location of the laser weapons system demonstrator (LWSD) test, saying only that it occurred in the Pacific on May 16. Navy ships face an increasing number of threats in conducting their missions, including Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, armed small boats, and adversary intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance systems. Watch | US Navy successfully conducts laser weapon test, destroys unmanned drone The US Navy has been developing directed-energy weapons (DEWs), to include lasers, since the 1960s. DEWs are defined as electromagnetic systems capable of converting chemical or electrical energy to radiated energy and focusing it on a target, resulting in physical damage that degrades, neutralises, defeats, or destroys an adversarial capability, the statement said. The Navys development of DEWs like the LWSD, provide immediate warfighter benefits and provide the commander increased decision space and response options. By conducting advanced at sea tests against UAVs and small crafts, we will gain valuable information on the capabilities of the Solid State Laser Weapons System Demonstrator against potential threats, Captain Karrey Sanders, commanding officer of Portland, said in the statement. With this new advanced capability, we are redefining war at sea for the Navy.  The Navy says lasers, which it calls directed energy weapons (DEW), can be effective defences against drones or armed small boats. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 12:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/kolkata/kolkata-stares-at-rise-in-pollution-levels-due-to-green-cover-amid-cyclone-amphan/story-ceAIs67GQK5v8nZsfIFhAO.html</url>
<title>Kolkata stares at rise in pollution levels due to uprooting of trees byCyclone Amphan</title>
<body >Kolkata is staring at a rise in pollution levels post-lockdown due to uprooting of thousands of trees in the city by Cyclone Amphan, environmentalists said. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has said that over 5,000 trees, several of which are over 50 years old, have been uprooted. Environmentalists, however, have put the number at 10,000. The trees, which absorb carbon emissions, had played a significant role in improving the air quality in the city during the lockdown. More than a third of the roadside trees in the city seem to have been wiped out. We foresee a serious rise in PM 2.5 levels from the first week of September, when an estimated eight lakh vehicles will hit the roads post-lockdown, environmentalist Somendra Nath Ghosh said. An official of the West Bengal Pollution Control Board said that trees will have to be planted on a large scale during the coming monsoon season. We will launch a plantation drive once things settle down. Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has also called for plantation of trees to restore the green cover, Member of KMCs Board of Administrators and former mayor-in-council (Parks), Debashis Kumar said. But first, the uprooted trees have to be removed on an urgent basis and the job is being done on a war footing, he said. Ten trees will need to be planted to compensate for the loss of one fully-grown tree. This is the standard practice, he said. Around 200 trees were uprooted in the Rabindra Sarobar area itself, Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) Executive Engineer Sudhin Nandy said. KMDA, custodian of the Rabindra Sarobar Lake, will replant at least 100 of the fallen trees, he said. The extremely severe cyclone has also damaged the worlds largest banyan tree in Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden in Howrahs Shibpur, Botanical Survey of India scientist Shiv Kumar said. Many other trees in the botanical garden have been uprooted, an official of the establishment said. We are yet to assess the total damages. We will see which trees can be replanted and where planting saplings of the same species will be required, he added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 10:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/you-can-now-buy-liquor-in-up-malls-but-here-s-the-catch/story-QMue4HMy1XcTsPH7hyutXN.html</url>
<title>You can now buy liquor in UP malls. But heres the catch</title>
<body >The Uttar Pradesh government has allowed the sale of certain categories of liquors in malls within the state amid the lockdown to clamp the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19). Sanjay R Bhoosreddy, the excise departments principal secretary, said in a statement that the state cabinet has approved the Uttar Pradesh Excise (Settlement of Licenses for Premium Retail Vends of Foreign Liquor) Rules, 2020. Bhoosreddy said so far foreign liquor was being sold only in retail shops and model shops. Earlier there was no provision for sale of foreign liquor in malls. Licenses in form FL-4-C will be granted for the retail sale of foreign liquor in sealed bottles in malls. These vends will be in addition to the existing shops, he said in the statement. The principal secretary said the license for selling liquor in malls can be obtained by any eligible person, company, partnership firm, proprietary firm or society. Malls in which such vends can open should have a minimum plinth area of 10,000 square feet and include departmental stores, supermarkets or hybrid hypermarkets, he explained. The premium retail vend should have at least 500 square feet carpet area and provide customers with the facility to walk in the shops and select his/her choice of a brand from the shelves. It has to be air-conditioned and be well decorated with shelves so that various brands are displayed in shelves with a systematic layout plan, Bhoosreddy said. The premium retail vends can sell only those categories of foreign liquor which have been authorised by the excise commissioner, he said, adding that consumption of alcohol on the premises of the vend will not be allowed. They can only sell brands of imported foreign liquor brands, Indian-Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) brands of scotch or above category, all categories of brandy, gin and wine, brands of vodka and rum with a maximum retail price (MRP) of more than Rs 700 and above, and brands of beer with MRP of more than Rs 160 per can of 500ml or equivalent. Keeping in view the increasing trend of shopping in malls, the rules have been framed allowing the sale of premium brands of liquor in malls, Bhoosreddy said in the statement. These vends will give choice and provide access to a wide variety of liquor brands both Indian and imported to liquor connoisseurs, besides giving a better shopping experience, he added. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 12:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cyclone-amphan-odisha-receives-rs-500-crore-from-centre-for-restoration-work/story-GlvbaVCaJMHL1D4t6WKsiL.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan: Odisha receives Rs 500 crore from Centre for restoration work</title>
<body >Cyclone-battered Odisha  has received Rs 500 crore from the Centre as advance assistance for restoration work, a senior official said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced the assistance after conducting an aerial survey of the cyclone-hit districts of Odisha and holding a review meeting here on Friday. In a tweet on Saturday, Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) P K Jena said, MHA released Rs 500 crore to Odisha Govt in less than 24 hours of Honble PM @PMOIndia@naendramodi announcement in Bhubaneswar 4 #cycloneAmphan. We thank @PMOIndia@narendramodi MHA for such speed in releasing the Fund. The state government has also stepped up the restoration operation in 10 cyclone-affected districts in the coastal and northern regions of the state, Jena said. Altogether, 19 units of the NDRF, 12 teams of the ODRAF and 156 fire service teams have been deployed in the affected districts for clearance of supply lines, he said. Four districts -- Balasore, Bhadrak, Kendrapara and Jagatsinghpur -- have been severely impacted by the heavy downpour and high velocity winds triggered by cyclone Amphan, as per the preliminary damage assessment report released by the state government on Saturday. The report said as many as 44,44,896 people have been affected in the 10 districts. Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik had on Saturday thanked President Ram Nath Kovind and PM Modi for their support during the crisis. We will work together to ensure care of affected and distressed people and restoration of normalcy at the earliest, Patnaik had said in a message to Modi. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 10:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/with-6-767-new-covid-19-cases-india-records-another-highest-single-day-spike/story-sam4nH4Lx8WK7BeYRPmUiN.html</url>
<title>With 6,767 new Covid-19 cases, India records another highest single-day spike</title>
<body >India reported more than 6,000 cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) cases for the third straight day in 24 hours, taking the tally of infections to 131,868, according to the data released by the Union health ministry on Sunday. In another biggest single-day spike in the numbers, 6,767 new Covid-19 cases were reported in the last 24 hours as 147 people succumbed to deadly respiratory disease, health ministry dashboard showed. On Sunday, there were 54,440 recoveries against 51,783 from Saturday taking the recovery rate 41.28%. Maharashtra has reported 47,190 Covid-19 cases, with Mumbai accounting for 28,817 infections, and 1,577 deaths so far. Tamil Nadu has 15,512 cases of the coronavirus disease and 103 deaths and Gujarat has 13,664 infections but a higher number of deaths at 829. Also read:Farm sector, poised to grow by 3%, remains beacon of hope amid pandemic Delhis tally stands at 12,910 and death toll at 231. The deaths put the mortality rate of the disease in the national capital at about 1.8%, up from 1% on May 11. The rate remains lower than the national average of 3%. The Union health ministry said on Saturday that 11 municipal areas from seven statesMaharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh West Bengal, and Rajasthanreport 70% of all Covid-19 cases reported from India. The Union health secretary Preeti Sudan in a high-level meeting with officials from these municipal areas briefed about the factors to be considered while mapping the containment zones and buffer zones for containing the spread of the infection. Last week, the union health ministry transferred powers to the state to demarcate any administrative area as red, orange, and green zones. Earlier, entire districts were classified as red, orange or green zone by the union health ministry. Also read| Flights resume from Monday: How Covid-19 will change Delhi airport In the containment and buffer zones within  ranging from a single building to an entire city  the authorities have to ensure perimeter control, active search for cases through door-to-door surveillance and monitoring of influenza-like illnesses and severe acute respiratory illness in the buffer zone. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 09:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/janhvi-kapoor-annoys-khushi-during-lockdown-gets-a-stop-talking-to-me-from-her-irritated-sister-watch-video/story-P4VmWny2lItJOtXaCImgKN.html</url>
<title>Janhvi Kapoor annoys Khushi during lockdown, gets a stop talking to me from her irritated sister. Watch video</title>
<body >Sisters Janhvi Kapoor and Khushi Kapoor are handling the lockdown differently. While Khushi appeared to have had a difficult day, Janhvi took the opportunity to annoy her, on camera no less, and post the video for millions of people to see online. Janhvi took to Instagram stories to share the video, in which she can be seen repeatedly asking the same question to a visibly fed-up Khushi. In the video, we see Khushi sitting on a couch, having covered her face with a hoodie. Khushi, on a scale of one to 10, how positive are you feeling? Janhvi asks. Stop talking to me, Khushi replies. Are you feeling positive, are you spreading positivity? Janhvi continues. Go away, Khushi mumbles back. View this post on Instagram           omg!!! khushi is just so cute this is what we called quarantine life  @khushi05k @janhvikapoor A post shared by     (@xkhushikapoor05) on May 14, 2020 at 12:35pm PDT omg!!! khushi is just so cute this is what we called quarantine life  @khushi05k @janhvikapoor A post shared by     (@xkhushikapoor05) on May 14, 2020 at 12:35pm PDT The sisters have appeared in several short videos during the lockdown, bonding and learning to live in the unprecedented situation. Recently, Janhvi shared a video of Khushi rejecting her cooking. Janhvi wrote, Subtle rejection of my banana with toffee sauce. Khushi, who always tastes Janhvis food while in bed, looked perplexed and muttered, Can I ask you to give plain banana. Also read: Janhvi Kapoors sister Khushi Kapoor subtly rejects her banana with toffee sauce, asks for plain banana instead Janhvi recently appeared on a special, digital cover of Harpers Bazaar India. The photos were clicked by Khushi, and shot at their home. She also shared a post in which she could be seen coming up with new ways to irritate Khushi, like forcing her to give piggyback rides, jumping on her in bed, and poking her. She captioned the post, How to annoy your sister 101 #quarantineedition. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 15, 2020 14:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/chris-evans-had-doubts-about-playing-captain-america-then-he-got-a-call-from-robert-downey-jr/story-0TRvLTTXanS4HshjSHOhZO.html</url>
<title>Chris Evans had doubts about playing Captain America, then he got a call from Robert Downey Jr</title>
<body >Actor Chris Evans has admitted that he owes Robert Downey Jr a debt of gratitude for convincing him to sign on to play Captain America in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films. Downey was already involved in the series as Iron Man. I knew where they wanted to go, thats part of the initial deal, not just for Captain America but for Avengers movies and that was daunting, Evans said in an interview to the Hollywood Reporter, recalling how a phone call from Downey put him at ease about working at Marvel. And just hearing him kind of give you that little nudge of encouragement, it just made me feel a little bit more like I was part of the gang and not so intimidated. I guess it was a double edged sword, on the one hand it makes you feel very welcome but on the other hand you just think Oh man, I gotta stand next to this guy? Hes crushing this role. I dont want to be the weak link here. But it was a very nice comforting thing to hear that he was in my corner. Also read: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans bid emotional goodbyes on last day as Iron Man, Captain America on Avengers Endgame set. Watch Evans had previously said that hed turned down the offer to play Captain America twice, because he was afraid to be tied down to a role for several years. But he was convinced to change his mind by his friends and his mother. And it really just kind of clicked and it really did start to make sense to me that way, so I said Yeah, Evans said. I think thats why the whole first movie, my hair was on fire, youre so scared just like Oh my god, I cant believe Im doing this and please dont backfire, please dont blow up in my face. And not only did it not, but it was the best decision Ive ever made, and I really owe that to Kevin Feige for being persistent and helping me avoid making a giant mistake....To be honest, all the things that I was fearing never really came to fruition. Also read:Chris Evans defends Fantastic Four, but it almost cost him Captain America role Evans first appeared as Captain America in 2011s Captain America: The First Avenger. He reprised his role in two Captain America sequels and four Avengers films, besides a couple of cameos. The character was retired at the end of Avengers: Endgame in 2019. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 14:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/dhoni-said-i-d-bowl-to-sachin-in-middle-overs-how-csk-captain-turned-ipl-2010-final-narrates-jakati/story-2UH2ZzG8Izn4VmaSMtUybI.html</url>
<title>Dhoni said Id bowl to Sachin in middle overs: How CSK captain turned IPL2010 final, narrates Jakati</title>
<body >Many believed the relation between Sachin Tendulkar and MS Dhoni was one of the main reasons behind the bonding of Indias World Cup-winning team in 2011. There were also reports that Tendulkar had played a pivotal role when Dhoni was picked as Indias limited-overs skipper following Rahul Dravids decision to quit. The two stalwarts were the pillars of Indias success in the last decade. That bond only got a break during April-May of each year from 2008 onwards due to IPL. As true professionals, their only goal was to outdo each other when Dhonis Chennai Super Kings took on Sachins Mumbai Indians. In 2010 IPL final when CSK still werent as invincible as they are now and Mumbai were far from being the tournaments most successful side, Dhoni, the CSK captain, plotted the dismissal of Sachin, the MI captain to turn the tide of the match. 10 years after that final at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai, former CSK spinner Shadab Jakati revealed how Dhonis tactics won Chennai their maiden IPL title. Also Read | He can be as good as Bradman: Lee picks between Kohli and Smith Left-arm spinner Jakati was one of the main weapons for Dhoni in that IPL. He used Jakati mainly in the first 10 overs throughout the tournament with good results. But in the final against MI in 2010, Dhoni reserved the left-arm spinner keeping Mumbais right-handers in mind. I had gone for 21 runs in my first two overs, Jakati recalls. With left-hander Abhishek Nayar batting, Dhoni told me Id now bowl in the middle overs, keeping me for the right-handers  Sachin Tendulkar, Ambati Rayudu and Kieron Pollard. We had done our homework against MIs right-handers, who were potentially weak against left-arm spinners, Jakati told Wisden India. Chasing 169 for victory Mumbai were on track with Tendulkar nearing fifty when the tides turned in the 15th over. With MI needing 74 off the final six, the onus was Tendulkar to go for the big hits. Dhoni knew this and threw the ball to Jakati who would turn it away from Sachin, forcing him to play against the spin. Also Read | Where are Sachin vs Shoaib contests: Akhtar says ICChas finished cricket Sachin hit the first ball of the over for a boundary but in the next ball, his mishit landed straight on the lap of the long-off fielder. Three balls later Jakati got the wicket of Saurabh Tiwary(0) to bring CSK on top. It was the same game where Dhoni set up Pollards dismissal, who was threatening to take the game away from CSK, by placing a mid-off as well as a long-off. In that particular match, he got Pollard out placing [Matthew] Hayden right behind the bowler. He did quite a few things. He used to know which bowler to bring on at what time. Basically, he was a captain who knew how to get the best out of the players at the right time, Jakati said. CSK, in the end, won the match by 22 runs to lift their maiden IPL trophy. Jakati, who picked up 48 wickets in four seasons for CSK between 2009 and 2012, lauded Dhoni for his instincts. He never attended any bowlers meeting, says Jakati. [Thats] purely because he backs his own instincts and gut feeling at that particular time of the match. He gave us freedom to choose our fields, and if it didnt work, hed use his brains. But the first preference was us, Jakati added. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/elgar-parishad-case-gautam-navlakha-shifted-from-delhi-to-taloja-prison/story-SFGSuMlK3vFyeZq1fcdUuM.html</url>
<title>Elgar Parishad case: Gautam Navlakha shifted from Delhi to Taloja prison</title>
<body > Civil rights activist Gautam Navlakha, arrested in connection with the Elgar Parishad case, was shifted to Taloja jail from Delhi on Tuesday. He will be kept under quarantine before being moved to the prison. Navlakha was taken into custody by the National Investigating Agency (NIA) on April 14 after he surrendered before the agency in Delhi. However, due to the lockdown, he could not be brought to Mumbai, where the case is being probed. After almost a month, the government relaxed the rules of travel, allowing Navlakha to be brought to the city. He was produced before the special NIA court in Mumbai on Tuesday, following which he was taken to Taloja jail. He has been remanded in judicial custody till June 22. We will follow the protocol for any new admission. As per the procedure, he will be sent to the quarantine centre at Gokhale High School in Taloja, said SH Kurlekar, superintendent of police, Taloja jail. Navlakha will be kept under quarantine for 14 days. Meanwhile, his partner Sahba Husain alleged mischief behind Navlakhas transfer from Delhi to Mumbai. She claimed that a plea for interim bail for Navlakha was scheduled for hearing on Wednesday, and just before that he was taken to Mumbai without intimating his family or legal team. It was only after seeking permission from the court that Navlakha could call her. Navlakha, along with other activists, has been arrested under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) and Indian Penal Code (IPC) for allegedly having Maoist links and being involved in the Elgar Parishad gathering on December 31, 2017, which triggered caste-based violence at Koregaon Bhima in Pune the next day. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/84-year-grandma-a-lockdown-star-with-soulful-singing-of-punjabi-folk-song/story-q2z0wOiyxQatXd72ubz9wO.html</url>
<title>84-year grandma a lockdown star with soulful singing of Punjabi folk song</title>
<body >When Mumbai-based actor Mansi Multani recorded a favourite song of her maternal grandmother and posted it on her Timeline on the Facebook she had not anticipated that it would become the quarantine hit. The folk song, Paona hi main laal ghaghra (I want to wear a red skirt), was sung melodiously and went straight to the hearts of the people leading it to be shared copiously on social media and appearing in WhatsApp with the silver-haired beauty, charming one and all with her joie-de-vivre. A guessing game started on the singers identity and someone decided that this was the 93-year-old yesteryear film star Kamini Kaushal singing and thus the post circulated till rebuttals started coming from many music buffs, including Sunaini, grand-daughter of famous Punjabi singer late Surinder Kaur, who said: The song is beautifully sung but she is not Kamini Kaushal auntie! Certainly not, she is Romila Arora who had migrated with her family and parents from Lahore to Delhi at the time of The Partition in 1947. Looking back she says, I was very fond of singing and would copy all the songs I heard. In Delhi, I would participate in the childrens singing programmes of All India Radio. Her grand-daughter Mansi adds, She could not pursue her music and after completing studies, she worked in the Punjab National Bank to augment the family income of the migrant family as she was the eldest of six siblings. Mansi adds that her grandma had been her inspiration and it was this particular song which had become the grand finale for a prominent play Piya Behrupia, Atul Kumars musical adaptation of Shakespeares Twelfth Night which was part of the London Cultural Olympics in 2012. Romila, who moved from Kolkata after her husbands death, chose to live at a senior citizens complex in Bhiwadi to be independent as well as close to her children in Delhi. I am very happy to be in Bhiwadi as I did not want to live in Delhi and they take good care of us here. Mansi and she share a special bond, I decided to record some of her songs to preserve the magic of her singing and I had no idea what a warm response she would get from the people! Romila in turn adds, Mansi is taking forward my love of music and it gives me joy to hear her sing so well! An endearing shot before the singing is when grandma chides Mansi that it is important for her to arrange her dupatta because the senior woman wants to look nice. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/temperature-rise-in-himachal-above-normal-says-imd/story-QadqbwpI3gH8gIHKO1ajmL.html</url>
<title>Temperature rise in Himachal above normal, says IMD</title>
<body >Temperatures are rising in Himachal Pradesh by 3-4 degrees Celsius above normal, said Manmohan Singh, Director of IMD Shimla. In the last three to four days, temperatures have been rising in Himachal Pradesh. Maximum temperature in Shimla was 28.4 degrees Celsius that is 3-4 degrees Celsius above normal. This seasons highest temperature of 43.2 degrees Celsius in the state was recorded in Una, Singh told ANI. Also read: Of the worlds 15 hottest places, 10 are in India In Bihar, a maximum temperature of 41.5 degree Celsius was recorded in Muzaffarpur, as per India Meteorological Department (IMD) data. On the other hand, Delhi sizzled at 47.6 degrees Celsius, according to IMD data. (The story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 08:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/do-your-cms-not-listen-to-you-union-minister-to-rahul-gandhi-on-lockdown/story-e2AvNBRpkHX1TYp65GcfdP.html</url>
<title>Do your CMs not listen to you?: Union minister to Rahul Gandhi on lockdown</title>
<body >If lockdown is no solution, why did your state governments imposed it in the first place, asked Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad  to Rahul Gandhi, a day after Congress leader said the idea had failed to achieve its objective. Rahul Gandhi earlier said that lockdown isnt a solution against Covid-19. On the contrary, Punjab and Rajasthan imposed lockdowns at the earliest. Maharashtra extended it till May 31. Do your CMs not listen to you? asked Ravi Shankar Prasad on Wednesday. Rahul Gandhi, at his press conference on Tuesday, pointed out that there has been one lockdown after another but the coronavirus cases have been on the rise. The country is in the fourth phase of lockdown, which will end on May 31. The BJP leader said if the Congress leader has a new exit plan, he should tell us. The law minister added that he should first tell his chief ministers. The minister highlighted that coronavirus has become a big problem in 15 nations of the world whose total population is 142 crore and has seen 3.43 lakh deaths till May 26. Contrasting the situation with India, the minister said it was the result of lockdown that India reported only 4,345 deaths. India has a population of 137 crores and 4,345 people have died in our country. More than 64 thousand recoveries have been made. By the way, death is unfortunate anywhere. Prime Minister has united the country through lockdown, it is the result of that, said Prasad. The minster accused Rahul Gandhi of spreading negativity and weakening the countrys resolve against coronavirus. I can tell you five ways by which Rahul Gandhi has tried to weaken the resolve of the country: Spreading negativity, working against the nation in times of crisis, taking false credit, saying something and doing something else, spreading false facts and false news, said Prasad. Gandhi, at this press conference, expressed concern that India is the only country which is relaxing the lockdown when the virus is exponentially rising. He said that if the government functions haphazardly and takes ad-hoc measures during the non-lockdown period, the country will face a second wave of coronavirus which will be extremely devastating. The Congress leader asked the prime minister to play aggressively on the front foot and tell the country on what he intends to do moving forward. He said the prime minister who initially played on the front foot has now gone on the back foot as he is not seen. The BJP leader, however, stressed that the PM is playing on the front foot and we can see the results. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/cyclone-amphan---pm-expresses-solidarity-with-bengal-odisha-hm-assures-helpvideo/video-AQ8JagcwHFhU6Xp0s13waP.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan: PM expresses solidarity with Bengal, Odisha; HM assures help</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed solidarity with West Bengal and Odisha in wake of the super cyclone Amphan. PM Modi said that the top officials are monitoring situation and working in coordination with the Bengal government. Union Home Minister Amit Shah said that the Modi government is committed for safety and security of every citizen. Shah urged people of Bengal and Odisha to stay indoor and follow instructions. He added that he has spoken to CMs of both states and assured all possible help from Centre. Super cyclone Amphan wreaked havoc across West Bengal and Odisha. Restoration work by NDRF personnel is underway in several parts of both the states. Fire brigade team is also working in coordination with NDRF to remove uprooted trees. In Odishas Kendrapara, NDRF team is carrying out restoration work. High velocity winds and heavy rains left a trail of destruction in both states. Amphan caused massive damages after making landfall on May 20. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/cyclone-amphan--restoration-a-massive-challenge-amid-covid-ndrf-chief-video/video-RvYLvBmRMIzRgWPE1F3MwM.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan | Restoration a massive challenge amid covid: NDRF Chief</title>
<body >NDRF Chief SN Pradhan informed about the restoration work in Odisha and West Bengal. Pradhan said that the clearance work has started in both the states and they are providing assistance to technicians of the electricity department and telecom department. Cyclone Amphan caused massive damage after making landfall on May 20. Amphan is the strongest cyclone to have originated from the Bay of Bengal in decades. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/ticket-bookings-to-open-more-trains-to-be-announced-railway-ministervideo/video-X64x7XSjQoH5FVGKRL7UXJ.html</url>
<title>Ticket bookings to open, more trains to be announced: Railway Minister</title>
<body >Railway Minister Piyush Goyal on Thursday said booking of train tickets will resume at around 1.7 lakh common service centres across the country from Friday, making the service accessible to those in remote locations where the availability of computers and internet is negligible or absent. The minister said bookings will also resume at counters at specific railway stations over the next two to three days.We have to take India towards normalcy. We are developing a protocol to identify the stations where counters can be opened. We have to ensure that there are no large crowds gathering at counters to book tickets, so we are studying the situation and devising a protocol towards it, Goyal said. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/former-shiv-sena-district-chief-shot-dead-by-miscreants-in-ups-rampurvideo/video-AMaVc8DFDRAG6P3kWzZbBK.html</url>
<title>Former Shiv Sena district chief shot dead by miscreants in UPs Rampur</title>
<body >Former Shiv Sena district chief Anurag Sharma was shot dead in Uttar Pradeshs Rampur. Unidentified miscreants shot Sharma at around 8:15 pm on May 20. The incident took place in Jwala Nagar when Sharma was returning home. Sharma was rushed to hospital where he was declared brought dead. Following Sharmas death, his family created a ruckus in the hospital. Police said that the investigation has been initiated and FIR will soon be registered. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nawazuddin-siddiqui-s-wife-aaliya-says-he-humiliated-her-in-front-of-manoj-bajpayee-makes-excuses-to-avoid-meeting-his-kids/story-SNwgjAcaAxlnjXygBINoLN.html</url>
<title>Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids</title>
<body >Actor Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife, Aaliya, has accused him of being an absentee father, disrespecting her in front of actor Manoj Bajpayee and avoiding being seen with her in public. The couple is involved in a divorce dispute. Aaliya told The Times of India that they have been living separately for more than four years, and that Nawaz makes excuses when she asks him to visit their children. I have not told anything to the kids, though they are upset and keep asking me papa kahan hai?, kahan shoot kar rahe hai? I keep telling them that he is shooting in New York, US but then for how many years should I do that? she said. She had demanded full custody of the couples two  children. Aaliya added, Despite him being at his office in Mumbai, he never comes and when I tell him to visit the kids, he is like I am busy, have people to meet. So I am forced to tell the kids that papa is busy with shoot. This is Aliya Siddiqui. I am forced to put the truth concerning me on Twitter so that there is no miscommunication. Let the truth not be silenced by misuse and abuse of power. Truth cannot be bought or be manipulated with. AaliyaSiddiqui2020 (@ASiddiqui2020) May 20, 2020 This is Aliya Siddiqui. I am forced to put the truth concerning me on Twitter so that there is no miscommunication. Let the truth not be silenced by misuse and abuse of power. Truth cannot be bought or be manipulated with. Aaliya had served Nawaz divorce papers via email and WhatsApp earlier this month, after a decade of marriage. She has also accused his family, especially brother Shamas, of emotional and physical abuse. She said that she has been disrespected in the marriage, and her image has been maligned by the family. Shamas has refused to comment on the matter. She continued, narrating an incident involving actor Manoj Bajpayee, A few celebrities have visited my house like Manoj Bajpayee. At that time also I was being humiliated by Nawaz. She added, I was cooking for Nawaz and tried to strike a conversation and he was like tumko baat karna nahi aata, tum logon ke samne baat mat kiya karo, these were his words. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya joins Twitter amid divorce dispute, says she wont be silenced by misuse and abuse of power Aaliya said that there came a point, after being regularly put down, that she didnt have the confidence to sustain conversations any more. She said, Even when he was going to meet the press and if I were to reach there coincidentally, then he would avoid me. I never got the respect that a wife deserves, never in front of others, never in person. From a rickshawala to a superstar  everyone respects their wife. I have been suffering this since years, one shouldnt be insulted so much that the person starts feeling suffocated. All the time you are being made to realize that you are nothing, dont know how to speak, to stand, no dressing sense, till what point can a person take all that? There was a point when I had lost all my confidence. I wondered if I would be able to do anything, I would fumble during conversations. According to Aaliyas lawyer, Nawaz, who is quarantining in his hometown of Budhana in Uttar Pradesh, is yet to respond to the divorce papers. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 10:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/is-christopher-nolan-s-tenet-a-secret-sequel-to-inception-fan-theory-offers-clues/story-AoaOOlXxiipv8EUwIbKzVK.html</url>
<title>Is Christopher Nolans Tenet a secret sequel to Inception? Fan theory offers clues</title>
<body >Several fan theories that cropped up after the release of the second trailer for Christopher Nolans Tenet, seem to suggest that the film is a secret sequel his 2010 blockbuster, Inception. Fans have taken to Reddit to offer their takes on the matter, and also shared what they believe to be irrefutable evidence. Is Nolan not offering some other perspective into Inceptions universe and the various sci-fi tools used to do transcendent espionage therein?, one Redditor asked. Several people pointed out that a scene towards the end of the trailer, in which Robert Pattinson and John David Washington have a conversation, appears to be the same limbo city from Inception. Now watch the cafe scene from Inception: Others noted that the central time-bending conceit of the film -- described as inversion -- sounds like it belongs in the same universe as Inception. I already like Pattinson in the role he seems similar to Tom Hardy from Inception, one person wrote on Reddit. Time Warping, Global Espionage, Training Sequences, Guys Wearing Suits Standing In The Middle Of The Street Explaining The Plot To Eachother... if this isnt an Inception sidequel, it almost looks like Nolan repeating himself. Not that Im complaining, wrote another. One fan joked that Insemination will be the third part of the trilogy. Fans have also speculated that Michael Caine might be reprising his role from Inception, and that Himesh Patel might be playing a version of the character who was played by Dileep Rao in the 2010 film. Also read: Aei what is Tenet: Confused Amitabh Bachchan needed Sujoy Ghosh to tell him about Christopher Nolans new film Tenet was slated for a July 17 release in theatres, but that looks unlikely because of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. The trailer did, however, assert that the film would be released only in cinemas, putting to bed notions that it was headed to streaming. Nolan has long been a champion of the big screen experience, and has shot Tenet on a mixture of large-format film, including IMAX. A recent Deadline article claimed, We hear that Tenet, which is already finished, is as amazing as Inception. Also starring Kenneth Branagh, Dimple Kapadia and others, Tenet is Nolans first film since Dunkirk. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 14:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/former-england-captain-narrates-experience-of-watching-an-ipl-match-with-shah-rukh-khan/story-IIMy3lxR2fs8SfmYVuNhnN.html</url>
<title>Former England captain narrates experience of watching an IPL match with Shah Rukh Khan</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khan has become an integral part of Indian cricket as well as being a Bollywood superstar. He is the owner of Indian Premier League franchise Kolkata Knight Riders and has taken the team to big-time success. He is a prominent fixture during KKR matches at Eden Gardens and has is often seen taking a frontal role in the success of the team. The passion is clearly visible in his body language as he cheers his team on with full vigour. This even led to him being banned from the Wankhede Stadium due to a confrontation with a security official. Former England captain David Gower has narrated his experience of watching a cricket match with the global icon. Gower has said that SRK  comes across as an astute cricket fan and means serious business when it comes to leading from the front as a co-owner of Kolkata Knight Riders. In a freewheeling chat on Q20, an initiative by GloFans for fans to get up close with sporting icons through a unique and interactive Qamp;A session, Gower conceded that despite being a man of such repute and coming from a different vocation, his love and passion for the game is something that is indeed worth praising. I was in Kolkata last year and was invited to the match between KKR and Kings XI Punjab. I was delivering a speech and from there after the dinner was escorted straight to the Eden Gardens for the match. It was at fag end of the match when I reached and was led straight to Shah Rukhs den and was introduced to him. I had a formal introduction with him and that is when I realised that he is an ardent fan of the game and a very passionate owner, Gower said. I got just got the impression that he wanted, you know, his prime motive was there to watch the game. He wasnt really at that stage too fussed about, you know, sitting down having a long conversation, but it was very nice to be introduced to him and see that is what strikes me about people like that. I mean, they have their own reputations, huge as they are. They love this game of cricket. Its extraordinary, not just in India, but you know, here in the UK, around the world, the sort of people who become passionate about the game of cricket. The match was easily won by KKR when I got to the stadium and despite that, SRK was still very much focused on the game. But for me, the interesting thing, apart from meeting him, of course was that just to be there at night, all game for the first time. Eden Gardens is one of the greatest stadiums, obviously because of its reputation and size, the number of people it can accommodate. So just to be there was special, to meet SRK made it even more special. And without giving away too many secrets, he did say that if, Knight Riders had made the playoffs, he might just fly me back, come and see how they got on. Sadly, that wasnt to be, but Im available. Next time, Knight Riders get to the semi-finals, get to the play-offs of the IPL, I would love to be there, he concluded. (with IANS inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 17:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-on-supporting-janhvi-kapoor-khushi-after-sridevi-s-death-i-didn-t-have-enough-people-when-it-happened-to-me/story-sEXZFHMwUhpJGtTikQVb6N.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor on supporting Janhvi Kapoor, Khushi after Sridevis death: I didnt have enough people when it happened to me</title>
<body >Arjun Kapoor became a big source of support for half-sister Janhvi Kapoor when her mother Sridevi died in 2018. Arjun and his sister Anshula stood by Janhvi and her sister Khushis side through the difficult time and even lend support to their father, Boney Kapoor. Speaking about why he put all past difference aside to guide Janhvi and Khushi, Arjun told Pinkvilla he wanted to do what was right. You dont always connect to dots. I reacted to situations the way they happened in real time. Couple of years now today, its easier for people to assess. My mother taught me to be a good human being, to be as decent to other people as possible. In that moment, I felt it right to lend my support in whatever capacity I could and be there to start with for my father. It also meant that we got a chance to know Khushi and Janhvi. The maturity comes from the fact that I have seen life. If my life was shaken and uprooted at one point and if I can stabilise someone elses to make sure they dont go through the hell that I did, he said. Arjun added that he wished he too had someone by his side when his mother, Boneys first wife Mona Shourie, had died. I know that when something like this hits you, you need people around you. I didnt have enough people when it happened to me. I wish I had someone sensible to guide me through it too. I hope I can part some wisdom and help Janhvi handle the bad days. I take tremendous pride in being my mothers son. If Im able to put the unfortunate part of my life to use to make someone elses life better, I would always do that, he said. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids Earlier on Koffee With Karan, Arjun had talked about Sridevis death. A moment changes everything, I have been through that moment, I wouldnt wish it on my worst enemy. I and Anshula did everything out of pure honesty because we knew that we would have needed somebody at that time. We couldnt have that but that doesnt mean Janhvi and Khushi shouldnt. My mother would have wanted that. If she was alive, the first thing she shouldve said is, Go be there. Dont hold any grudges; life is too short, he had said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 15:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/gambhir-had-lot-of-talent-but-couldn-t-control-his-anger-dilip-vengsarkar/story-MM3UtFgwmz0QNrFUps4MKO.html</url>
<title>Gambhir had lot of talent but couldnt control his anger: Dilip Vengsarkar</title>
<body >When Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman retired one after the other, it created a void in Indias famed batting line-up in Test cricket. But the average Indian fan did not fret much as he knew the likes of Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag are there to lead the next generation of Indian batsmen. But unfortunately, Indias two very best openers lost form almost immediately after Dravid, Laxman and Tendulkars retirement. Both Gambhir and Sehwag became irregular in the side and eventually lost out their places to Murali Vijay and Shikhar Dhawan in Test cricket and Rohit Sharma in ODI cricket. Gambhir did make a comeback for a couple of Test matches in 2016 but was again dropped from the side. Former India chairman of selectors Dilip Vengsarkar, who had the seen the best of Sehwag and the rise of Gambhir, said the left-hander should have played for India much more than actually did. Terming Gambhir an underrated player, Vengsarkar said Gambhirs anger was one of the main reasons behind his not so long career. Also Read | 4 Indians but no Virat Kohli in Brad Hoggs current World Test XI Underrated player. Had a lot of talent but couldnt control his anger and emotions. I feel that for the kind of ability he had, he should have played much more for India, Vengsarkar told Times of India. Gambhir, who made his debut for India in Bangladesh in 2003, last played for India in a Test match against India in 2016. The left-hander announced his retirement from all forms of cricket in 2018. Gambhir represented India in 54 Tests. Scoring 4154 runs with 9 hundreds at an average of 41.95. He was also awarded ICC Test Player of the Year in 2009. Gambhir had scored 1269 runs at an impressive average of 84.60 in the eight Tests he played. He scored five centuries and four half-centuries during the period. Also Read | Dhoni suddenly said pad-up: Raina on match-changing strategy vs Pak But the left-hander will always be remembered for his stellar shows in Indias two World Cup victories. Gambhir was Indias top-scorer with 75 off 54 balls in the 2007 World Cup final against Pakistan at Johannesburg. The left-hander had scored a 97 in the 2011 ODI World Cup final against Sri Lanka, which rated by many as one of the best ODI innings played by an Indian batsman. Gambhir retired with 5238 runs in 147 ODIs with 11 hundreds. In T20Is, he scored 932 runs in 37 matches. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 21:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/22-of-76-haryana-natives-deported-from-us-test-corona-positive-minister-vij/story-I6boyceWa71X9FA9Dv7Z8M.html</url>
<title>22 of 76 Haryana natives deported from US test corona-positive: Minister Vij</title>
<body >Twenty-two of 76 Haryana natives deported back from the US have tested positive for coronavirus infection, state Health Minister Anil Vij said on Saturday. Seventy-six Haryana people were part of a group of over 160 Indians who had arrived at Amritsar in Punjab by a special chartered flight earlier this week. Twenty two of these 76 have been found having COVID-19, Vij told reporters. After they were deported from the US and arrived in India earlier this week, Vij had said all will undergo COVID-19 tests before they are quarantined in their home districts. Most of the deported Indians had entered the US from its southern border with Mexico and had exhausted all legal options to stay in the US. They were arrested by the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement sleuths while trying to enter America illegally. The 76 Haryana natives were later brought to Panchkula where they underwent the COVID-19 and other medical tests.     While those found COVID negative will be quarantined in their home districts, the 22 COVID-19 patients will undergo treatment at a dedicated hospital in Panchkula. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 17:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/goa-seeks-icmr-nod-to-conduct-antibody-tests-on-arriving-air-passengers/story-vGamL4H4qHm6lluqVxbYaK.html</url>
<title>Goa seeks ICMR nod to conduct antibody tests on arriving air passengers</title>
<body >The Goa government has urged the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) authorities to allow it to conduct rapid antibody tests on all passengers after the domestic flight services resume on Monday. The domestic flight services were suspended on March 25 after the central government imposed nationwide lockdown restrictions to contain the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak. State health minister Vishwajit Rane said that the move was aimed at ensuring that there was no community transmission in the state. Ive requested the ICMR and the Union Ministry of Civil Aviation to permit us to conduct an antibody test of air passengers, who will be issued a Covid-19 negative certificate to enter Goa after domestic flight operations resume on Monday, Rane said. Rapid antibody tests will help us identify asymptomatic patients at the airport. Itll avoid community transmission, he added. So far, 47 people have tested Covid-19 positive after the state government started conducting tests on all those, who have returned to Goa since May 14 amid the easing of lockdown restrictions. Over 50% of the 47 Covid-19 positive people have returned to Goa via Shramik Special trains. At present, Goa has 38 active Covid-19 positive cases after nine people from the second wave of infections have recovered and discharged from the dedicated Covid-19 hospital in south Goa. The state has reported 54 Covid-19 positive cases, including seven in the first wave of viral infection in April, who have all recovered since then. Earlier, Union Minister for Civil Aviation Hardeep Puri had announced that states should not quarantine passengers upon their arrival, as these are short-haul flights. However, some states such as Karnataka is in favour of quarantining air passengers, especially if they are flying out of worst-hit Covid-19 states such as Maharashtra, Gujarat, etc. Goa is conducting swab sample tests on all those entering the state and then quarantining them until the ICMR allows conducting TrueNat rapid antibody tests. Kiosks have been set up at the airport, checkpoints on roads, and at the port for the collection of swab samples. Rail passengers are escorted via buses to hospitals, where they are undergoing tests. It takes a few hours for the results of swab samples to be made available. Rapid antibody tests are a blood test for the presence of antibodies. The ICMR had suspended antibody tests after the state complained of inaccurate results. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 17:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/after-ashwagandha-experts-claim-kangra-tea-has-properties-to-block-sars-cov-2/story-fiQug1BFcVbdxYy5gOZeDP.html</url>
<title>After Ashwagandha, experts claim Kangra Tea has properties to block Sars-Cov-2</title>
<body >After the well known herb Ashwgandha, now, Kangra tea has been marked as a potential coronavirus blocker. A senior research professional associated with a reputed bioresource technology institute has claimed that Kangra Tea, well known for its other medicinal properties, may also be able to boost immunity against coronavirus by blocking the virus activity better than the anti-HIV drugs currently being used as preventive care for patients and health care professionals. According to a communication released by the Ministry of Science and Technology, Indias premier medical research institute, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) is considering replacing hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) with anti-HIV drugs to improve immunity and possibly reduce viral replication. However, Kangra tea could prove to be a more effective weapon against the disease, says a well known expert. The chemicals in Kangra tea could also be effective in boosting immunity as they can block coronavirus activity better than anti-HIV drugs, said Dr Sanjay Kumar, Director, Institute of Himalayan Bioresource Technology (IHBT), based in Palampur, Himachal Pradesh. Dr Kumar made the claim during a webinar organized at IHBT on the occasion of the International Tea Day. The claim, along with a comparison with HIV drugs and hydroxychloroquine, comes at a time when the Centre has decided to expand its use as a preventive medication for asymptomatic healthcare workers who are engaged in providing services even at non-Covid-19 hospitals, for frontline staff who are deployed on surveillance duty in the containment zones and for paramilitary and police personnel who are engaged in fighting coronavirus. The endorsement of Kangra tea as a potential virus killer or fighter comes days after a group of researchers of IIT-Delhi revealed that herb Ashwagandha contains certain bio-actives that interact with SARS-CoV-2 virus in a way that prevents it from multiplying. According to experts, Ashwagandha, which is also popular as an aphrodisiac, has a natural compound called withanone (Wi-N), with the potential to block Covid-19s enzyme responsible for replication. It is being alleged that Ashwagandha, if used along with an active ingredient of propolis called Caffeic Acid Phenethyl Ester (CAPE) can block the replication process of the virus. For Coronavirus Live Updates Dr Kumar, while discussing the benefits of Kangra tea along with the medicinal properties of tea for human health, spoke of the technologies developed and transferred by IHBT for combating Covid-19 disease. Using computer-based models, the scientists screened 65 bioactive chemicals or polyphenols that could bind to a specific viral protein more efficiently than commercially available anti-HIV drugs approved for treating Covid-19 patients. These chemicals might block the activity of the viral protein that helps the virus to thrive inside human cells, said Dr Kumar. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 IHBT, a constituent of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), has also produced and supplied the alcohol-based hand sanitizer containing tea extract and natural aromatic oils through its technology partners. The Institute has developed herbal soap with tea extract, natural saponins (phytochemicals found in most vegetables) and without SLES (sodium laureth sulphate), SDS (sodium dodecyl sulphate) and mineral oil. This soap provides anti-fungal, anti-bacterial, cleansing and moisturizing benefits. The soap is being produced and marketed by two companies based in Himachal Pradesh. Tea catechins production process which has been transferred to M/s Baijnath Pharmaceuticals, and Ready to Serve Teas and Tea wines which could be game changer for Kangra tea, added Dr Kumar. Catechins are natural antioxidants that help prevent cell damage and provide other benefits. The first flush of Kangra tea, grown at a height ranging from 900 metres to 1400 metres above the sea level in Kangra district of Himachal Pradesh, is known for quality, unique aroma and tinge of fruity flavor. A little milder than Darjeeling tea in terms of flavour, Kangra tea has more body and liquor. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 17:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/news-updates-from-hindustan-times-no-respite-from-scorching-heat-wave-in-delhi-and-all-the-latest-news/story-YEMiXCeFkdRD9x0EIdakaL.html</url>
<title>News updates from Hindustan Times: No respite from scorching heat wave in Delhi and all the latest news</title>
<body >Here are todays top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times. No respite from scorching heat wave in Delhi over the weekend, temperature likely to soar to 46C: IMD The national capital has been reeling under the effect of heat wave conditions this past week and no respite is likely in the days to come. According to the India Meteorological Department, mercury levels touched 45 degrees Celsius on Friday in parts of Delhi and the same is expected on Saturday as well. Read more Half of Delhis 92 containment zones turn orange, offer hope of normalcy Half of Delhis 92 active containment zones have not reported a single case in the last 14 days and could turn green over the next fortnight or so, a senior Delhi government official said on Saturday. Read more Will try to resume international flights before August: Hardeep Puri Aviation minister Hardeep Puri on Friday said that he will try to resume international passenger flights before August. Just this week, the resumption of domestic flights was announced. The operations begin Monday. Read more Intent to pick holes: FM Nirmala Sitharaman on fiscal package criticism The intent is not to understand but to pick holes, said Finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman in response to the questions about the fiscal stimulus package of Rs 20 lakh crore being called too little, too late. Read more Covid-19 vaccine development at early stage in India; breakthrough unlikely within a year: Experts As Indian firms scramble to develop a vaccine for coronavirus, experts feel that research in the country is still at a nascent stage and any concrete breakthrough is not likely within a year. Read more Cyclone Amphan loss estimated at $13 billion in India, may rise in Bangladesh: Officials A powerful cyclone that tore through Indias eastern state of West Bengal this week has caused a damage of 1 trillion rupees ($13 billion) to infrastructure and crops, state officials said. Read more Iran to reopen religious, cultural sites as Covid lockdown restrictions ease Iran on Saturday moved to open businesses, religious and cultural sites as it eases restrictions imposed to contain the coronavirus pandemic. Holy shrines  some of which became focal points of the coronavirus epidemic in Iran - will reopen Monday. Read more Watch: Manipur govt sets up quarantine centres for transgenders Manipur government has set up a dedicated quarantine centre for transgenders in Imphal. In a first, Health and Family Welfare Dept has set up two institutional quarantine centres. Read more Who needs a hooman parent when you have such a nice cat sibling. Watch Siblinghood is probably one of the most complex yet rewarding dynamics some have the honour of experiencing. This video of two cat siblings hanging out represents the beautiful intricacies of this dynamic extremely appropriately. Read more Cyber attacks increased by 37% in India in Q1 2020 as compared to Q4 2019: Report A new report by the Kaspersky Security Network (KSN) reveals that the company detected and blocked 52,820,874 local cyber threats in India between January to March 2020. Read more Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju talks about the future of IPL in 2020 The future of the Indian Premier League in 2020 has been talked about in great lengths by the cricketing world. The cash-rich league is one of the biggest sporting events in the world while generating a massive amount of revenue for BCCI and cricketers. Read more DRDO Recruitment 2020: Apply for 185 scientists vacancies from May 29 The online application process for the recruitment of Scientist B at Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) was scheduled to begin on May 22, but due to some technical glitch, the application window will be activated on May 29, 2020. Read more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 17:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/ekta-kapoor-shares-adorable-video-with-son-ravie-calls-it-love-in-the-times-of-lockdown/story-q8eiq16uc9VGjYA3wGQ8CL.html</url>
<title>Ekta Kapoor shares adorable video with son Ravie, calls it love in the times of lockdown</title>
<body >With the country in a lockdown for three weeks and all shoots halted, producer Ekta Kapoor is busy being a doting mother to her son Ravie. She took to her Instagram account to share a black-and-white video with him and captioned it, Love in the times of lockdown. The adorable video received a lot of love online, with actor Karisma Kapoor and actor-turned-politician Smriti Irani dropping hearts in the comments section. Actor Mahie Gill commented, Awesome. Several others also gushed over the cute clip. Cute boy and sweet mom, one Instagram user wrote. Another wrote, This is the cutest video Ive seen today. View this post on Instagram           Love in the times of lockdown A post shared by  Erkrek (@ektarkapoor) on Apr 5, 2020 at 2:37am PDT Love in the times of lockdown A post shared by  Erkrek (@ektarkapoor) on Apr 5, 2020 at 2:37am PDT Also see: Kalki Koechlin shares pic with daughter Sappho, calls it love at first smile. See it here As the coronavirus pandemic rapidly spreads in the country, all shoots have been halted. The television industry has taken a major hit, with episode banks being exhausted and channels forced to play reruns of old shows. Ekta announced last week that she will forgo one years salary of Rs 2.5 crore, so that her employees at Balaji Telefilms do not have to take a pay cut due to the heavy losses. In a statement shared on Instagram, Ekta wrote, The impact of CORONA crisis is huge, unprecedented and multi-pronged. We all need to do things that will ease the hardships of people around us and of our country at large. It is my first  foremost responsibility to take care of the various freelancers  daily wage workers who work at Balaji Telefilms  who are going to suffer immense losses due to no shootings in the current scenario and uncertainty over the indefinite period to follow. The statement added, I would thus forsake my one years salary that is Rs. 2.5 crores at Balaji Telefilms so that my co-workers dont have to take a hit during this period of crisis and complete lockdown. The only way ahead, is together. Stay Safe, Stay Healthy. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 05, 2020 17:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nandita-das-hard-hitting-listen-to-her-brings-focus-on-domestic-abuse-during-lockdown-amitabh-bachchan-shares-endorsement/story-ieZ4GUTJcKBsK5XbnQ2WwI.html</url>
<title>Nandita Das hard-hitting Listen to Her brings focus on domestic abuse during lockdown, Amitabh Bachchan shares endorsement</title>
<body >Actor-fillmmaker Nandita Das has impressed one and all with her latest outing - a short film on domestic violence. Amitabh Bachchan also shared the short film, urging everyone to watch it. Titled Listen To Her, the short film highlights the plight of women facing domestic violence amid lockdown even as it stresses on the ways in which gender inequality is normalised. The film is also supported by UNESCO, UNFPA, UNICEF, UN Women and the South Asia Foundation (Madanjeet Singh Foundation). The short film opens with Nandita working on a laptop in her house. She keeps switching between her roles of a mother, housekeeper and a professional as she multitasks with her child playing in the same hall where she attends a meeting on video conference and has her husband sitting in another room. The husbands only appearance in the video is to make demands -- we only listen to his voice as he asks for some black coffee, orders her to answer the door and the likes. Nandita is addressing queries during her office meeting when she gets a wrong number call from a woman in distress. As she tries to help the woman, the film subtly establishes that Nandita is normalising gender inequality. Also read: Girija Shankar on playing Dhritrashtra in Mahabharat at age of 28: I trained myself to look straight, was asked to try lenses Sharing the video, Nandita wrote, Listen to Her. Thank you for the overwhelming response. Glad so many of you are sharing the film. I am not tech savvy but I am told I should put the video on IGTV. Here it is! Also sorry, the comment button was off on YouTube. Would love to know your thoughts, so do share. #ListentoHer #domesticviolence #unwomen #unesco #unfpa #unicef #southasiafoundation #nanditadas #ncw. View this post on Instagram           Thank you for the overwhelming response. Glad so many of you are sharing the film. I am not tech savvy but I am told I should put the video on IGTV. Here it is! Also sorry, the comment button was off on YouTube. Would love to know your thoughts, so do share. #ListentoHer #domesticviolence #unwomen #unesco #unfpa #unicef #southasiafoundation #nanditadas #ncw A post shared by  Nandita Das (@nanditadasofficial) on May 26, 2020 at 2:51am PDT Thank you for the overwhelming response. Glad so many of you are sharing the film. I am not tech savvy but I am told I should put the video on IGTV. Here it is! Also sorry, the comment button was off on YouTube. Would love to know your thoughts, so do share. #ListentoHer #domesticviolence #unwomen #unesco #unfpa #unicef #southasiafoundation #nanditadas #ncw A post shared by  Nandita Das (@nanditadasofficial) on May 26, 2020 at 2:51am PDT T 3544 - https://t.co/OqhCQn2fS5 Nandita Das, colleague, friend .. writes, directs,  produces a short film of 7 min .." LISTEN TO HER ".. Giving meaning to what 'stay home stay safe' means to women .. All good wishes ..SO .. 'listen to her' !! Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) May 27, 2020 T 3544 - https://t.co/OqhCQn2fS5 Nandita Das, colleague, friend .. writes, directs,  produces a short film of 7 min .." LISTEN TO HER ".. Giving meaning to what 'stay home stay safe' means to women .. All good wishes ..SO .. 'listen to her' !! Fans lapped up the film and liked it online, triggering a much-needed debate. One fan even wrote, I wanted to slap your character for letting her husband boss around. Domestic abuse need not be physical always. Here there are two narratives running parallel- one visually and one through voices. Brilliantly executed.A powerful message put across subtly with that you open. Kudos to the team. Another one wrote, Wrong upbringing of male children results in such misogynistic behavior. Overload it with self loathing/inferiority complex/monetary frustrations or any such excuses  the result is such mindless violence/wife bashing. Very well made short clip on the subject  provides helplines too. Sharing the film on his Twitter page,  Amitabh wrote, Nandita Das, colleague, friend .. writes, directs,  produces a short film of 7 min .. LISTEN TO HER .. Giving meaning to what stay home stay safe means to women .. All good wishes ..SO .. listen to her !! About the film, Nandita had earlier tweeted, At 12 noon Ill share with you a 7min film called #ListentoHer that I wrote, directed, acted  produced during the lockdown. Was an impulsive response. Pls do see. Addressing the issue, Nandita recently told Hindustan Times in an interview, We didnt realise that Stay home, stay safe would be a luxury. But the irony of it should not be lost on us as many women battle the situation in their homes. Many are locked down with their violent perpetrator, with no escape. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/anil-kapoor-staying-at-home-is-the-price-we-ve-to-pay-to-overcome-the-pandemic/story-lThKXFqBUuHV6bwdFc5v7H.html</url>
<title>Anil Kapoor: Staying at home is the price weve to pay to overcome the pandemic</title>
<body >As work from home becomes the new normal for most people across various industries, even actors are keeping up with the times, and trying their best to ensure that at least bits of the behind-the-scenes work, go on. Actor Anil Kapoor, last seen on screen in Mohit Suris Malang, has made a work station of sorts at his home. Staying at home is the price we have to pay to overcome the pandemic. Im researching a few things for my upcoming projects and my meetings are happening over video calls. Im working virtually for now, the actor tells us.         View this post on Instagram           You are your own motivation! #StayHomeStayFit #MondayMotivaton #LockdownSpiritsUp A post shared by  anilskapoor (@anilskapoor) on Apr 13, 2020 at 12:43am PDT You are your own motivation! #StayHomeStayFit #MondayMotivaton #LockdownSpiritsUp A post shared by  anilskapoor (@anilskapoor) on Apr 13, 2020 at 12:43am PDT Weve also learnt that Kapoor has become particularly tech-savvy nowadays, and he is also reading scripts at home. Amid all this, the 63-year-old is not forgetting to workout and has a strict fitness regime that he doesnt wish to compromise on. Exercising is key to our physical and mental health, so I encourage everyone to do it for half an hour now that we have the time. I workout indoors every day almost twice and I watch my diet and meal planning, says the actor, whose social media feed is full of these workout posts that inspires many.         View this post on Instagram           And the winner is.... Me (Obviously)!  1  : @kapoor.sunita  2  : @rheakapoor   #quarantinegames #chasingthequeen #candids #stayhomestaysafe A post shared by  anilskapoor (@anilskapoor) on May 7, 2020 at 7:47am PDT And the winner is.... Me (Obviously)!  1  : @kapoor.sunita  2  : @rheakapoor   #quarantinegames #chasingthequeen #candids #stayhomestaysafe A post shared by  anilskapoor (@anilskapoor) on May 7, 2020 at 7:47am PDT In fact, in a recent Instagram post, Kapoor had made a pertinent point to this, when he wrote, The long-term solution to fighting microbes like Covid-19 is not complete isolation or endless disinfecting, but building immunity of the body and mind to fight any such external aggravator, because this is not the first or the last one. Work and workout apart, Kapoor also indulges in a game of carrom or two with wife Sunita and daughter Rhea, once in a while. I believe that those who have the privilege of staying safe at home should dedicate their time to upskilling themselves and helping those in need, he says. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 18:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sonam-kapoor-s-grand-breakfast-for-husband-anand-ahuja-includes-sugar-spice-and-everything-nice-see-pic/story-M9kvw0PiTHLDnj1YPz5McJ.html</url>
<title>Sonam Kapoors grand breakfast for husband Anand Ahuja includes sugar, spice and everything nice. See pic</title>
<body >Actor Sonam Kapoor, who has been in quarantine at her in-laws house in New Delhi with husband Anand Ahuja, has shared a picture of the breakfast that she prepared for everyone. Sonam and Anand have been sharing regular social media updates of life under lockdown for their fans. All prepared by me!, Sonam captioned the new picture, shared on Instagram stories on Wednesday. The picture shows a grand spread that includes chocolate chip cookies, a cake, some tea, and another dish.  Sonam and Anand returned to India from London before the nationwide lockdown was enforced in March. They have remained in New Delhi for over two months, and even missed her parents, Anil and Sunita Kapoors wedding anniversary recently. Anil even commended his daughters cooking skills in a recent tweet. Also read: Sonam Kapoor on why she returned to India from UK amid Covid-19 outbreak: Hed hate to say this but my father is 63 In an interview to journalist Anupama Chopra, Sonam had commented about why she and Anand chose to return to India. I decided to come back to India right before the travel ban was imposed just because my father is 63. Hed hate to say this but he is 63, my mother is 63 as well. We all stay with Anands grandmother who is also around 80 years old. There was no one actually in my husbands house just in case something happened to be there and take care of everything. So Anand and I did the responsible thing to fly back even though we were so scared to fly. Sonam also supported sister Rhea when Rhea wrote a long social media note about not judging people who are sharing food pictures during the lockdown. Sharing Rheas post, Sonam had written, Well said @rheakapoor . let people be, judginess is so not cool. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/wife-son-of-advisor-to-jammu-kashmir-l-g-test-positive-for-covid-19/story-sPXivh1eafgrChJeFpCYxI.html</url>
<title>Wife, son of  advisor to Jammu-Kashmir L-G test positive for Covid-19</title>
<body >The wife and son of an advisor to the Jammu and Kashmir lieutenant governor GC Murmu have tested positive for the Covid-19 infection, officials said on Monday. The mother-son duo was admitted to the Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Narayana Superspecialty hospital in Kakryal area of Reasi district late Sunday. The advisors wife and his son, who returned from Delhi a couple of days ago, were tested positive and late last night they were shifted to Katras super-specialty hospital. The advisor has gone into self-quarantine at the super-specialty hospital, officials said on Monday. The result of their samples came on Sunday night in which they tested positive for the infection. Meanwhile, an income tax lawyer from Jammus Trikuta Nagar, who died on Sunday night at a private hospital, was tested positive for Covid-19 after his death. The 63-year-old man was hospitalised on May 22 for kidney-related ailments. His samples were taken the next day to test for coronavirus infection. Doctors at the hospital said he had comorbidity and died of Covid-19. His sample was taken after his death and it was tested positive, an official of the hospital said on Monday. This is  the third death from coronavirus disease in Jammu region. A woman from Tikri village in Udhampur and a retired Special Bureau officer from Digiana in Jammu district were the two others who died due to Covid-19. Jammu-Kashmir principal secretary Rohit Kansal, meanwhile, said that relaxations in lockdown 4.0 should not be taken for granted and after people should not squander the gains made in the past two months of lockdown. While we have increased our testing capacity to 350 percent in the last one month and as of today we are conducting 8100 tests per day, we should not squander the gains made during the lockdown since March 25, he said. Cumulatively, we have conducted 1.32 lakh tests so far across Jammu and Kashmir and our test rate is now 10,000 per million, he said and added that 90,000 returnees, who returned to JK via trains, buses and flights have also been tested. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/nearly-80-of-indians-witness-dip-in-earnings-amid-covid-19-lockdown-worst-impact-on-these-states/story-sIPYxA9ZrRmQYZHFMztlHN.html</url>
<title>Nearly 80% of Indians witness dip in earnings amid Covid-19 lockdown, worst impact on these states</title>
<body >The nationwide coronavirus lockdown had led to over 80% of Indians witnessing  a dip in their earnings, a news report by HTs Hindi language publication Live Hindustan suggests. The findings were revealed in a survey conducted by the Center for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE) in 27 states. Researchers have found that livelihood in rural areas of the country has had the worst effect, although the spread of coronavirus in these areas is quite low. The survey, which was conducted in April, included around 5800 families across the country. The data from the survey was analyzed by Marianne Bertrand, professor of economics at the University of Chicago and CMIE chief economist Kaushik Krishnan. The survey showed that the worst impact of the lockdown has been borne by five states, including Tripura in the North-east and the north Indian states of Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Jharkhand and Haryana. Also read: In long walk back home, migrants battle hunger, scourge of Covid-19 34% of the families that were surveyed said that they would not be able to live even a week without additional financial help. The survey has seen a decrease in the income of high-paid people, most of them have permanent jobs and are also able to work from home during the lockdown. In the low-income group, only those associated with agricultural work and catering workers are able to get any work amid the lockdown. According to data from the CMIE and other institutions, about 10 crore Indians lost their jobs in a month after the lockdown was announced on March 25 in the country. Talking around the world, the income of 1.3 billion people has been affected extensively due to the ongoing lockdown in different countries. The number of coronavirus cases have breached the 81,000 mark. More than 2,500 people have lost their lives to the deadly contagion which has infected more than 4 million people across the globe. The third phase of the ongoing coronavirus lockdown will come to end on May 18. </body>
<date >Updated: May 16, 2020 09:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/another-meeting-in-maharashtra-this-time-between-cm-uddhav-thackeray-and-allies/story-uCo2bB2biXL5PXCmvTQx9I.html</url>
<title>Another meeting in Maharashtra, this time between CM Uddhav Thackeray and allies</title>
<body >Maharashtra will see another meeting on Wednesday amid speculation of a rift in the ruling Maharashtra Vikas Aghadi (MVA) coalition as the state fights the coronavirus pandemic. Maharashtra chief minister and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackerays meeting with the members of the alliance partners shortly will come after a series of similar talks even as the ruling partys leader Sanjay Raut said the government will complete its full term. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar met the chief minister after having tea with Maharashtra governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari on Monday. There were speculations that Pawar was not happy with Thackerays handling of the Covid-19 outbreak in the worst-hit state, while the Sena chief was unhappy with the NCP leaders stand to reopen economic activities in the state. Whatever is being said in the media over Maharashtra political situation, there is no such situation in the state, Nana Patole, state Congress leader, was quoted as saying by news agency ANI. At this time, we are only working towards fighting Covid-19. We are following all guidelines of the government of India, Patole, who is also the assembly speaker, said. The Thackeray government has been criticised by the Bharatiya Janata Party and opposition leader Devendra Fadnavis, who led an agitation against the government last week. Fadnavis has stepped up its attack on the state governments handling of the pandemic and at the same time denied the BJP was seeking to destabilise the government. Speculation over the fate of the government had picked up on Monday when Pawarwidely considered the key architect of the coalition comprising the Shiv Sena, NCP and the Congress formed after the 2019 assembly electionsmet Koshyari and also had his third meeting in the span of weeks with Thackeray, who is under criticism for his handling of the pandemic. Congress leader Rahul Gandhis comment that his party was not the key decision-maker in the state has also prompted allegations that the Congress is seeking to distance itself from the state government of which it is a part. On his part, Sharad Pawar claimed the government is safe and accused Fadnavis of being impatient. The Shiv Sena claimed the meeting between Pawar and Thackeray as routine. Chief minister Uddhav Thackeray and Sharad Pawar met at Matoshree last evening for 1.5 hours. There are some who are spreading false stories about the stability of this MVA govt. That is nothing but heartburn. This government is stable. Dont worry, Raut had tweeted on Tuesday morning. Pawar, Thackeray, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and other senior MVA ministers held meetings at the Bal Thackeray memorial site in Shivaji Park this month. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/maharashtra-uddhav-thackeray-to-meet-alliance-partners-today-amid-reports-of-rift/story-dv9WfIPTHNsiVw7A0YCAMI.html</url>
<title>CM Uddhav Thackeray to meet MVA partners today amid reports of rift</title>
<body >Chief minister Uddhav Thackeray has convened a meeting of his allies in the Maharashtra Vikas Aghadi (MVA) on Wednesday afternoon against the backdrop of a spurt in political activities in the last few days. The meeting, to be held at the chief ministers official residence Varsha, is expected to be attended by key ministers from the Shiv Sena, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress party, a MVA minister said. The meeting assumes significance as it comes a day after NCP chief Sharad Pawar held a meeting with Thackeray and senior Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said his party was not a decision-maker in the MVA government. Also Read: Do your CMs not listen to you?: Union minister to Rahul Gandhi on lockdown It also comes in the wake of growing pressure from the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Maharashtras ruling coalition over its handling of the Covid-19 crisis. However, the Shiv Sena played down the developments and described it a a routine meeting. It is not an urgent meeting for any crisis as it is being speculated. The chief minister holds meetings with his ministers regularly. This too is a routine meeting, said a MVA minister who didnt want to be named. State minister Anil Parab, a close aide of the chief minister, is scheduled to address a news conference on Wednesday afternoon to counter claims by leader of opposition and former chief minister Devendra Fadnavis that the Central government had given the state financial aid worth 28,000 crore over the past three months, directly and indirectly through various schemes. Parab said on Tuesday the state government will dissect the numbers given by Fadnavis to show how the BJP leader was misguiding the people. In a reference to Fadnavis book Budget: In Simple Language, Parab said, We, in absolutely simple language, will dissect the numbers that he gave for the people of Maharashtra to know how they are misdirecting them. Devendra Fadnavis has given economic advice to the Maharashtra government. But he should know  only he doesnt understand economics, people in the ruling party also know it well. Maharashtra recorded more than 2,000 Covid-19 cases on Tuesday, taking the total tally to 54,758. There has been a slight dip in daily numbers for the past two days. But the state also recorded its highest single-day fatalities, with 97 deaths on Tuesday. The state government is framing a policy to exit the lockdown after May 31, and it is expecting a surge in cases after curbs are further relaxed. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/there-will-be-a-covid-19-vaccine-by-next-year-global-health-expert-to-rahul-gandhi/story-reXFPRQv8RKXxXTAN68f6M.html</url>
<title>There will be a Covid-19 vaccine by next year: Global health expert to Rahul Gandhi</title>
<body >Acclaimed American public health expert Ashish Jha has told former Congress president Rahul Gandhi that three vaccine candidates are showing promising results in the fight against the raging coronavirus disease (Covid-19) and expressed confidence that there could be a new vaccine by next year. Three vaccine candidates are showing promising results. These are from America, China, and Oxford University. For now, they all seem promising and maybe one or all of them may turn out to be effective. Im confident that the vaccine will be available by next year. India has to prepare a plan on how to avail the vaccines for its population, he added. Jha is a professor of Global Health at TH Chan School of Public Health and director, Harvard Global Health Institute. He made the remarks during his interaction with Gandhi, who has been holding a series of dialogues with global experts on various aspects of Covid-19 via video-conference since the viral outbreak. Coronavirus outbreak: Full coverage Asked by Gandhi, if the Bacillus CalmetteGurin (BCG) vaccine, which is used against meningitis and tuberculosis in children, is helpful and the virus doesnt operate in hot weather, Jha said: BCG vaccine can be helpful. There is some circumstantial evidence that these vaccines can be helpful, but its not very good evidence. New testing is underway and well know in the next few months if these vaccines play a major role. There is some evidence that the weather makes a difference. There is less transmission of the disease in being outdoors than indoors. He added: Its a new virus. There is new testing. New studies are going on and in the next couple of months, well know much more. Some nice randomised trials are being carried out. I suspect that in the next three months, well know much more if these vaccines will play a major role. Im personally sceptical that the BCG vaccine will be an important mediator. I dont know, but well know soon. But theres certainly not enough evidence to make policy as of now. Jha said there is some evidence, which shows that the weather makes a difference. Theres going to be easy transmission if 15 people are staying in one small room. But once these people are outdoors, and theres the air that would make the situation a bit better. Jha claimed that the world is entering an age of pandemics. Im confident that this is not the last large global pandemic you and I are going to see in the next 20 years. We got lucky that in the 2009 H1N1 swine flu didnt cause that much harm, even though it was declared a pandemic. A virus that gets started somewhere spreads very quickly globally, he added. There are also big environmental changes. All of this economic growth that you see in China and India and many other places have lifted people out of poverty. But the growth also led to deforestation and rampant encroachment on animal habitats. Most pandemics that come to humans jump from animals. This virus has existed in bats but there was a small change probably in the genome and all of a sudden it became suitable for human hosts. I think climate change is going to make many of these things worse, he said. The other thing that has happened with economic growth is that people are eating a lot more meat, which means more interactions between humans and animals. Put all of it together. If you look at the last 100 years, youll see the increasing frequency of these kind of outbreaks and Covid-19, of course, is the worst in a hundred years. But, Im confident that were going to have more global pandemics in the coming years and decades. We have to ask ourselves: how we are going to better prepare for the next one? Jha asked. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/supreme-court-issues-notice-to-centre-states-over-migrants-plight-says-there-have-been-lapses/story-UPLhdih1PlXPlmYp3NYVfM.html</url>
<title>SC hits reset on stand over plight of migrant workers, sends notice to govt</title>
<body >A three-judge bench of the Supreme Court on Tuesday told the government at the Centre and the states to report back in two days on the steps being taken to help migrant workers stranded due to the nationwide Covid-19 lockdown. The top courts notice comes barely 10 days after another bench refused to intervene on a petition that wanted the government to identify stranded migrant workers, take care of their needs and provide free transport to them. At one point, a judge on this bench remarked: How can we (migrants) stop them from walking. This was the first time since the March 25 lockdown that the top court had practically declined to push the government to do more for the migrant workers. On April 27, the court had closed a petition on the plight of migrant workers after the Centre insisted that all arrangements had been made for the migrant workers at 26,000 plus relief camps. A bench led by Justice Ashok Bhushan on Tuesday said it was taking suo motu note of media reports and the many representations that they had received about the plight of migrants. In its preliminary remarks recorded in the order, the bench said the central and state governments should immediately provide adequate transport arrangement, food and shelters free of costs. As the bench, also comprising justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and MR Shah, gave governments time till Thursday to come up with their response, it underscored that the government and the states had taken measures yet there have been inadequacies and certain lapses. We are of the view that effective concentrated efforts are required to redeem the situation, the bench said in its two-page order. A larger part of Tuesdays order was devoted to outlining the reasons why the court had decided to take up the issue on its own. Media reports, the order said, had been continuously showing the unfortunate and miserable conditions of migrant labourers walking on-foot and cycles from long distances. They have also been complaining of not being provided food and water by the administration at places where they were stranded or in the way i.e. highways from which they proceeded on-foot, cycles or other modes of transport, the Supreme Court said, holding that this section of the society needs succour and help by the governments concerned. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/vikram-chandra-compares-india-s-covid-cases-death-rates-with-the-world/video-29PjLzoUFs4Y4gpxZu01zM.html</url>
<title>Vikram Chandra compares Indias Covid cases  death rate with the world</title>
<body >Covid cases continue to surge in India and the world with every passing day. India now stands at number 10 in Covid cases, number 15 in Covid deaths and number 7 in terms of tests conducted. However, per capita numbers which includetesting, deaths and cases, all are low because of the sheer size of Indias population. Watch this video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/explained-does-vitamin-d-protect-against-coronavirus-disease/video-6M6MmVn82QVNrSiLFYrVjJ.html</url>
<title>Explained: Does Vitamin D protect againstcoronavirus disease?</title>
<body >As Covid-19 cases surge across the world, data from 20 European nations showed that countries with low levels of Vitamin D had higher Covid related death rates. So how exactly does Vitamin D aid in the battle against Covid and is it enough to protect one from being infected by coronavirus? Watch this video to find out. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/4-000-get-ration-under-pm-scheme-in-mohali/story-ctaGDUB0YwoVnRE6gFVaZI.html</url>
<title>4,000 get ration under PM scheme in Mohali</title>
<body >Under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana (PMGKY), as many as 4,000 smart ration card holders from several villages of Mohali were given ration on Tuesday. Mohali deputy commissioner Girish Dayalan said that under the scheme, the registered beneficiaries were being provided with 5Kg wheat per member per month and 1Kg dal per family per month for a total of three months for free. He said regular monitoring of the entire process was being conducted through the various agencies so that proper distribution of ration takes place. Dayalan said that qualitative and quantitative check on depot holders was ensured with zero tolerance towards any malpractice. Not only this, the food and civil supplies teams were ensuring compliance with social distancing norms while undertaking the distribution besides exhorting common people to wear masks and exercise all precautions, he added. He further said that the teams formulated by the administration to complete the exercise in a foolproof manner were producing desired results and soon all smart card holders will be covered. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/patna/a-day-after-jd-u-mla-booked-for-triple-murder-his-brother-shot-dead/story-8l2SZTU7RxnU9yAlXGq45H.html</url>
<title>A day after JD-U MLA booked for triple murder, his brother shot dead</title>
<body >In the continuing spiral of violence in Gopalganj district even amid the Covid-19 lockdown, unidentified assailants Tuesday shot dead a close relative of controversial JD(U) MLA from Kuchaikot, Amrendra Pandey alias Pappu Pandey, a day after  the MLAs elder brother and his son were arrested for the murder of three members of an RJDleaders family on Sunday. Tuesdays killing took place at Repura village under Hathua police station in Gopalganj district. This is ninth murder in the last five months in the district. The deceased was identified as Shashikant alias Munna Tiwari (45), a contractor, and a cousin of the MLA. Agitated over the incident, villagers blocked a stretch of the National Highway 28, demanding immediate arrest of the killers and transfer of the Hathua station house officer (SHO) alleging that he was hand-in-glove with criminal elements. The deceaseds sister, Kiran Devi, said the incident took place when Tiwari was standing outside his house. She said four assailants on two motorcycles reached the spot and fired at him from point blank range. We are investigating the case. The reason could be a dispute over contracts. Preliminary investigation suggested that the deceased had got a contract of Rs 40 lakh to construct a pond , Gopalganj SP Manoj Tiwari said. On Sunday evening, assailants had killed three persons of an RJDleaders family. The RJDleader, JP Choudhary, who was injured in the firing, is being treated at Patna Medical College Hospital (PMCH) in the state capital. Five persons, including the MLA, his brother Satish Pandey and nephew Mukesh Pandey were booked for the triple murder. The next day, Satish and his son Mukesh Pandey, chairman of Gopalganj district board, were arrested. Meanwhile, Leader of the opposition Tejashwi Prasad Yadav on Tuesday issued an ultimatum to the state government to arrest the MLA. He also visited the PMCH in Patna to enquire about the health of JP Choudhary. I give an ultimatum of two days to the state government to arrest the absconding MLA. Otherwise, I and my party workers will march to Gopalganj and launch an intensive agitation, Yadav said. When contacted, JD (U) spokesperson Rajeev Ranjan Prasad said, Rule of law prevails in Bihar. The present dispensation doesnt differentiate between common people and the high and mighty. And Tejashwi Yadav should also know that it is Bihar of 2020 and not 1990. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/caterer-killed-in-yerawada-4-minors-among-8-held/story-29BKMeXKInInIU1LMNMvkJ.html</url>
<title>Caterer killed in Yerawada, 4 minors among 8 held</title>
<body >Four minors were among eight people held on Tuesday for the murder of a caterer in Yerawada area of Pune on Monday. The deceased was identified as Pratik Hanumant Vannale, 27, a resident of Panchasheel nagar area of Yerawada, Pune. He was a caterer in the area. Four among the eight people booked in the case were identified as Rahul, Tayyab Shaikh, all residents of Dhanori area of Pune, and Amin Javed Shaikh, and Bachu, both residents of Yerawada area of Pune. The four others are minors. The adults were remanded to five days in police custody and the minors were sent to observation home by the juvenile justice board, said police inspector Ajay Waghmare of Yerawada police station who is investigating the case. The incident happened on Monday night, the deceased had been in a fight with one of the minor hours before he was killed. With a grudge about the fight, the teenager gathered seven others around 8pm on Monday and attacked Vannale with fists, kicks, and an axe due to which he sustained fatal injuries. They had a fight that afternoon after their vehicles brushed against each other. We are investigating whether there were other reasons that led to the murder, said PI Waghmare. A complaint in the matter was lodged by the deceased mans father Hanumant Vannale, 52, who drives a rickshaw. A case under sections 302 (murder), rioting, 188, 269, 323 of Indian penal code along with section 3 of epidemic diseases act, 1897, section 11 of Maharashtra Covid-19 regulation, 2020, and section 51(b) of disaster management act, 2005 was registered at Yerawada police station. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/man-bludgeoned-to-death-in-hadapsar/story-Iin0nYlPQ7Pf9iBEMQhNiM.html</url>
<title>Man bludgeoned to death in Pune</title>
<body >A 23-year-old man with a criminal record was found bludgeoned to death in Hadapsar on Tuesday morning. The deceased man was identified as Basavraj alias Bashya Kamble, a resident of Ashtavinayak colony in Hadapsar. He was found to be a member of a local gang and has a record of cases against him at Hadapsar police station. He was found with his head bashed in with a hard object like a rock. The police are looking for suspects in the case. A case under Section 302 (murder) of Indian Penal Code was registered at Hadapsar police station against unidentified people. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/tmc-vs-tmc-bengal-minister-slams-kolkata-civic-body-over-post-cyclone-mess/story-XiO3wTw7iDVt23BsN7iUcI.html</url>
<title>TMC vs TMC: Bengal minister slams Kolkata civic body over post-cyclone mess</title>
<body >Bengals consumer affairs minister Sadhan Pandey on Tuesday accused Kolkatas municipal corporation of lacking preparedness to deal with the aftermath of cyclone Amphan causing immense difficulties for the citys residents. Pandey is a senior leader of the Trinamool Congress which also runs the Kolkata municipal corporation. Pandeys attack comes at a time  when the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP,) the Congress and the Left parties have been targeting the Mamata Banerjee government over its response to the devastation caused by cyclone Amphan across south Bengal. The Kolkata Municipal Corporations board has completed its five-year tenure but since the elections could not be held due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the state government had appointed a board of administrators, with the members of the freshly-defunct mayor-in-council as its members and mayor-cum-state urban development minister Firhad Hakim as the chairman of the board. On Tuesday, Pandey targeted Hakim. There are more than 140 wards in Kolkata but KMC has only 25 cutters. There should have one cutter in each ward. It is unfortunate that KMC didnt have this preparation. Meanwhile the municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed was transferred. He was a good officer. Despite getting the warning at least five days in advance, the KMCs administrator never discussed the matter with Kolkatas MLAs. The administrator could have called us and asked for our opinion when the warning came. He never did that, said Pandey. In a statement that could embarrass the states ruling party all the more, Pandey said that Hakim should have also discussed the matter with his predecessor Sovan Chatterjee. Incidentally, Chatterjee had quit TMC and joined the BJP. Hakim shot back at Pandey soon after. Those who are making these remarks have kept themselves locked up in their apartments for the fear of Covid-19. I have been on the streets. I have to fight both Covid-19 and the impact of the cyclone. BJPs state unit president Dilip Ghosh also waded into the fight saying, I congratulate Pandey for daring the speak the truth. In another incident, Abdul Khaleq Molla, the TMC MLA from Metiabruz, sustained injuries when a brick was thrown at him during a protest by local residents at Nadial area over the delay in restoring power supply. In some pockets of Kolkata, power connections which snapped on the day of the cyclone on May 20 returned a week later on Tuesday evening. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/odisha-to-test-pangolin-rescued-from-quarantine-centre-for-covid-19/story-ujcDDY52lwql0jFbKygbnL.html</url>
<title>Odisha to test pangolin rescued from quarantine centre for Covid-19</title>
<body >The Odisha forest department has decided to test a pangolin, rescued from a quarantine centre, for Covid-19, an official has said. A team of officials of Athagarh Forest division in Cuttack on Monday rescued the 5-year-old pangolin from a quarantine centre in Badamba. However, it is still not clear how the wild animal ended up at there. Acting on a tip-off from the local sarpanch (village head man), we rescued the pangolin from the quarantine facility. We will take it to the veterinary doctor here for its health checkup, said Athagarh Divisional Forest Officer (DFO), Sasmita Lenka. Lenka said as the pangolin was rescued from the quarantine centre where 42 inmates were staying, its swab would be tested for presence of the coronavirus. The Centre for Wildlife Health in Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology in Bhubaneswar will facilitate the process. Later, it was decided to also test DFO Lenka for Covid-19 as she had come in contact with the pangolin during the rescue process. This will be the first time that swab samples of a pangolin will be sent for Covid-19 testing in the state, according to news agency IANS. The decision to test the pangolin for Covid-19 comes at a time when scientists suspect pangolins could be the carriers of Sars-CoV-2, the virus that causes Covid-19. A study by researchers from College of Veterinary Medicine, South China Agricultural University, earlier this month has suggested that the Sars-CoV-2 might have originated from a recombination of coronaviruses in a bat and pangolin. According to the study,  pangolins and bats are both nocturnal animals, eat insects, and share overlapping ecological niches which make pangolins the ideal intermediate host for some Sars-related coronaviruses. The paper was published in the journal Nature. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/odisha-paediatrician-becomes-first-doctor-in-the-state-to-contract-coronavirus/story-SvXKBb3rIouNt4Aqdp2RHN.html</url>
<title>Odisha paediatrician becomes first doctor in the state to contract coronavirus</title>
<body >In the first-ever case of a doctor getting infected by Covid-19 in Odisha, a paediatrician employed in a government hospital of Cuttack city has been diagnosed with the coronavirus. The doctor engaged at the district headquarters hospital, popularly known as the City Hospital, was admitted to the Ashwini Covid Hospital in Cuttack after his tests came out positive. The doctor had recently visited Kendrapara to bring back his wife. His wife will also undergo Covid-19 testing. Meanwhile, the district administration has constituted a team to carry out contact tracing to identify people who came in contact with the doctor. A few days ago a constable of Odisha police in Bhubaneshwar had tested positive for the disease, becoming the first Covid case in the police force. So far, a total of 1,517 persons in Odisha have tested positive for the disease. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/won-t-leave-without-my-bride-groom-waits-at-border-after-he-is-denied-entry-into-uttarakhand/story-FD9A6fWeMLx23ArmhSa1hN.html</url>
<title>Wont leave without my bride: Groom waits at UP border after he is denied entry into Uttarakhand</title>
<body >A groom from Uttar Pradeshs Moradabad area, who was on the way to solemnise his nikah (wedding) with a girl in Uttarakhands Nainital district on Tuesday, was not allowed to enter the state by police officials as he had not sought permission from the authorities concerned, said police. The groom waited for hours at the border, refusing to return home without his bride. He said it would be embarrassing for him at the village to return alone. Kayam, 23, the bridegroom who hails from Dilaari area in UPs Moradabad, arrived in a car at about 8.30 am with his two brothers at UP-Uttarakhand border under Soorya police outpost in Kashipur area of US Nagar. He was on the way to Haldwani in Nainital district to solemnise his nikah with Rubeena of Bhanbulpura area (Haldwani) on Tuesday, police said. When stopped by police and asked to show permission to enter the state, Kayam only showed the permission from the brides side that was obtained from Nainital district administration. When he failed to show his own permission, he was denied the entry to Uttarakhand. My nikah with Rubeena had been fixed six months earlier which was to be held on Tuesday noon in Haldwani. But police didnt allow me to go there due to lack of permission and advised me to go back, Kayam told local media. If he goes back without bride it would be very embarrassing for him in front of the relatives and villagers in his area, he added. I wont go back without my bride. Police asked Kayam to inform the brides relative to come at the border with the bride and solemnise nikah there. After conducting nikah, he can go back to his village with the bride. Police also spoke to relatives of the girl and advised them to organise the nikah at the border as over a dozen weddings have already taken place during lockdown at the border in the district. Kayam, dressed in grooms attire, kept on waiting at the border for girls relatives to show up. When the bride and her relatives didnt show up till 5 pm, Kayam left for Thakurdwara, which is around 4 km from the border on UP side to wait for the bride at one of his relatives homes. It is necessary to have proper permission for crossing the border during the lockdown. The groom didnt have permission from his side. Instead, he was showing us permission from the brides side. That is not acceptable as both sides should have permission. So we didnt allow him to enter the state, said Chetan Rawat, in-charge, Soorya police outpost in Kashipur area of US Nagar. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/put-gandhis-on-quarantine-till-covid-situation-ends-bjp-mp-parvesh-verma/video-kDpl52k60slkB6xe1dnFlI.html</url>
<title>Put Gandhis on quarantine till Covid situationends: BJP MP Parvesh Verma</title>
<body >BJP MP Parvesh Verma attacked the Gandhi family and said that they should be put on quarantine till the Covid situation is over. He said that while people of the country are whole heartedly backing PM Modi in the battle against Coronavirus, the three leaders of the Congress were misleading the nation. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/176-pakistan-citizens-stranded-in-india-due-to-lockdown-to-return-home/story-ZZ9rrUq5P1f8J5acv1HXdL.html</url>
<title>176 Pakistan citizens, stranded in India due to lockdown, to return home</title>
<body >A batch of 176 Pakistanis stranded in India due to the nationwide Covid-19 lockdown will return home via the Attari-Wagah land border crossing on May 27. More than 400 Pakistani nationals stranded in India have been repatriated via Attari-Wagah land border since March 20. The Pakistanis who will return on Wednesday were stranded in different states, including Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand and Delhi due to the extended lockdown and the closure of the Attari-Wagah border crossing following the coronavirus outbreak. In line with the Prime Ministers directions, for safe and smooth repatriation of stranded Pakistanis, the high commission for Pakistan in New Delhi remained in close contact with the Indian side and the Foreign Office has been coordinating with other national authorities in Pakistan, the high commission said in a statement issued on Tuesday. The high commission also facilitated and coordinated logistics for transporting the Pakistani nationals to Attari from more than 20 Indian cities amid the lockdown. The ongoing efforts of Pakistans foreign ministry will continue till the repatriation of all remaining stranded Pakistanis, the statement said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/football/borussia-dortmund-vs-bayern-munich-live-bundesliga-football-match-live-score-and-updates/story-UZ2k9Q4fXSw5I9aGeI5PaN.html</url>
<title>Highlights:Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 incrucial Bundesliga match</title>
<body >Borussia Dortmund vs Bayern Munich Highlights: Follow football highlights of Bundesliga match between Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich. Borussia Dortmund vs Bayern Munich Highlights: Joshua Kimmichs goal separates the two teams as Bayern Munich defeated Borussia Dortmund 1-0 to go seven points above at the top. Both the teams had an even game - with each team building pressure on each other. Plenty of chances from both the teams and some brilliant defensive work as well. But in the end, a magical chip from Joshua Kimmich left Dortmund reeling as Bayern Munich took the lead at half time. Dortmund took plenty of chances in the 2nd half, but were unable to find the net.Borussia Dortmund vs Bayern Munich : Highlights  Borussia Dortmund vs Bayern Munich Highlights: Joshua Kimmichs goal separates the two teams as Bayern Munich defeated Borussia Dortmund 1-0 to go seven points above at the top. Both the teams had an even game - with each team building pressure on each other. Plenty of chances from both the teams and some brilliant defensive work as well. But in the end, a magical chip from Joshua Kimmich left Dortmund reeling as Bayern Munich took the lead at half time. Dortmund took plenty of chances in the 2nd half, but were unable to find the net. Borussia Dortmund vs Bayern Munich : Highlights   Bayern Munich have managed to pick up the win at Dortmund and this means they take a strong seven-point lead over the 2nd place Dortmund. This match was expected to be a high-contest thriller, and it went right down to the wire.One of the narrowest finishes ever, but in the end, Joshua Kimmichs wonder goal remains the only difference between the two teams. FULLTIME- Borussia Dortmund 0-1 Bayern Munich  Dortmund have only a couple of minutes to find a goal - barring the additional minutes for stoppage. This is going right down to the wire.  SHOT!  Lewawndowski hammers a left-footed shot towards the goal and the ball came back after hitting the goalpost. What a shot, but what a miss!  CHANCE! Can dribbles inside, and sends in the middle to Hazard who misses it from six yards out! But even if it had gone, it would have been ruled offside by VAR. YELLOWCARD! Davies dives and takes down Reyna to the ground.Dortmund have a free kick at a dangerous area. Davies gets a yellow.  FREEKICK! Free kick from Gurreiro, and it goes straight to Neuer. Nothing comes off it.  A chance from Sancho towards the left as he finds a bit of space. He  curls a dangerous looking pass towardss the face of the goal, but it goes past Neueur.  A double footed challenge for Dahoud, and he takes down Mueller. Referee quick to flash a yellow card. He had touched the ball first, so a bit unlucky there to get booked.  CORNER! A short one from Dortmund. Pass to Guerreiro. He dribbles the ball into Bayern penalty area, but it is easily cleared by Kimmich clears at the far post.  Was that a penalty? Haaland takes a shot from his left foot, Alaba goes down, turns, gets a deflection from his hand, but no VAR check. Hmm. Interesting.  CHANCE! Mueller takes a shot and a wide stretch from Burki to save that one. Another cross from Coman to Mueller, but another clearance fromDortmund goalkeeper. Pedestrian clearance, but it does the job.  Dahoud takes a shot from a distance on the goal. Powerful, but straight into Neuers hands. This will not trouble him, but still it will give confidence to Dortmund.  Dortmund have made a double change at the start of 2nd half. Jadon Sancho and Emre Can have come in place of Julian Brandt and Thomas Delaney.  The 2nd half is underway and Bayern Munich are leading 1-0 at the moment. Dortmund will be eager to equalise quickly here.  Joshua Kimmichs goal separates the two team. Bayern come out in front after an intense first half that could have gone either ways. Dortmund 0-1 Bayern at half time.  Kimmich finds the scoring with an astounding hit!  Kimmich collects a loose ball 20 yards from goal and sends a beautiful chip towards goal. Burki had stepped forwards, and he tried to get back, got his hand to the ball, but it his desperate leap was not enough to keep it out of nets.  CHANCE!Alphonso Davies just runs inside the box, dribbling past the defenders, but it was a strong tackle from Mats Hummels which eventually broke his momentum and took him down. Davies has been brilliant in this match.  BIG, BIGCHANCE! Haaland broke through with full speed, and Halaand is getting to one-on-one with Neuer. He stumbles a bit, and Davies runs all the way back to tackle him, and the opportunity is gone. A nervy moment for Bayern.  30 minutes have gone and so far there have been no goals on target. This is starting to get real intense though and it seems both the teams are just one mistake away from scoring the first one. Haaland almost had one, but it was well defended by Boateng.  KingsleyComan runs forward with brute force and a kick at the goal with intent, but it was a from an awkward angle and Dortmund goalkeeper sees it from miles ahead. Saves it easily. Bayern starting to find momentum.  What a chance for Bayern.Coman got behind Hummels inside the box, a brilliant pass to Gnabry inside the box, he tried to hit it from an awkward angle, but just saved by Dortmund defender in front of the box. Big, big moment in the match. Thomas Mueller gets a chance inside the box as Coman curls one inside. Mueller jumps high trying to get a head - but he just missed by a whisker and it is picked by Dortmund goalkeeper.  1st Yellow card -Hummels gets a Yellow card.  Hazard and Haaland build pressure -they enter the box once again and a nervy moment for Bayern inside their box. But eventually, a lazy shot on target was dealt by Neuer.  Halaand gets inside from the right, takes a shot, but it is deflected by a kick from Boateng. Dortmund gets the first corner, but it was easily dealt by Bayern defense.  Dortmund are looking confidently rolling inside the box. Brandt picks the ball on the left edge of Bayern penalty area. He takes a shot but Neuer had an easy save to make. Pressure building on Bayern, already.  30 seconds into the match and Dortmund already has a chance. Haaland breaks through, and tries to get inside the  box to challenge Neuer. Boateng came in front of his goalkeeper to steer the danger away.  KICKOFF! Dortmund get the ball rolling, and we are underway! The action has started and this will be a tense contest. Massively important match for both the teams.  Both sides wearing armbands, and remembering the ones who lost their lives in the pandemic. Both teams observe a moment of silence.  Neuer makes his 400th Bundesliga appearance. He will hoping to get a clean sheet tonight.  Thomas Mueller starts for Bayern because Sancho is not 100 per cent fit and will start from the bench. Sancho has given 30 assists since 2018-19 season and Thomas Mueller has given 26 assists - more than than any other player in Europes Big 5 Leagues, according to Opta Stats.  Haaland. The youngster is in prime goal-scoring form, he has a knack of spotting chances, and he is a dangerous opposition inside the box. Starting XI:Neuer, Pavard, Boateng, Alaba, Davies, Kimmich, Goretzka, Coman, Muller, Gnabry, Lewandowski.  Subs: Ulreich, Cuisance, Mai, Perisic, Zirkzee, Martinez, Odriozola, Meier, Hernandez. Starting XI:Burki, Piszczek, Hummels, Akanji, Hakimi, Delaney, Dahoud, Guerreiro, Brandt, Hazard, Haaland  Subs: Sancho, Gotze, Balerdi, Morey, Can, Witsel, Schmelzer, Reyna.  Football is back! This will be the biggest footballing contest that will take place since the restart of football amid covid-19 pandemic. Bayern Munich will take on rivals Borussia Dortmund as they look to preserve their lead at the top of the table. Dortmund has a good record at home conditions, and even without home fans, they still will be eager to dominate at home. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/putin-says-russia-passed-peak-of-coronavirus-epidemic-orders-world-war-ii-victory-parade/story-ppVthlasoEPyunLmAuj2RN.html</url>
<title>Putin says Russia passed peak of Coronavirus epidemic, orders World War II victory Parade</title>
<body >President Vladimir Putin said Russia has passed the peak of the coronavirus epidemic and ordered preparations to resume for military parades marking the 75th anniversary of the World War II victory. Moscow and other cities should stage the postponed May 9 Victory Day parades on June 24, given that the situation in the country as a whole, in most regions and in the Armed Forces is stable, and that it is stabilizing in many places after the peak of infections, Putin told Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu in a videoconference Tuesday. The Kremlin had planned particularly grand commemorations for the 75th anniversary this year, before Putin was forced in April to postpone the nationwide events as the coronavirus spread. The annual Red Square parade in Moscow involving thousands of troops and Russias most sophisticated weapons has long been an occasion for him to project a sense of power and national pride. With Russias economic activity declining by a third during a two-month nationwide lockdown to limit the spread of the epidemic, the Kremlin is now seeking to limit the fallout. Infections Slow The rate of new infections has started to slow in Russia, which over the weekend slipped to third place in the number of total cases globally, after Brazil and the U.S. Diagnoses rose 2.5% in the past day to 362,342. Russia reported a record 174 deaths in the same period, taking the total to 3,807. The Kremlin is considering holding both the parade and a referendum that would open the way for Putin to remain in power until 2036, RBC website reported last week, citing four unidentified officials. The referendum, which was planned for April 22 before the epidemic derailed it, initially seemed to be a formality after parliament and the Constitutional Court took less than a week to rubber-stamp the changes endorsed by Putin that allow him to seek two more six-year terms when his current one ends in 2024. However, the economic decline due to the restrictions and a plunge in demand for oil, Russias main export, have caused Putins approval ratings to slip, according to the Levada Center and FOM polling services. Levada last month reported Putins approval rating fell to the lowest level in two decades. French President Emmanuel Macron had accepted Putins invitation to leaders of wartime allied nations to join him on Red Square for the May 9 parade. Its unclear how many world leaders will be present on the new date, which marks the 75th anniversary of the first victory parade held by Soviet leader Joseph Stalin as troops began returning home following the defeat of Nazi Germany. Kazakh President Kassym-Jomart Tokayev accepted Putins invitation to attend the parade during a phone talk Tuesday, according to his presidential website. While Putin told Shoigu that the peak for us has passed, according to the specialists, he also ordered him to take the strictest security measures to reduce any risks for participants. Mass marches known as Immortal Regiments of members of the public in memory of relatives who fought in the war will take place a month later, on July 26, because its not possible to observe social distancing at these events and more time is needed for the virus to subside, Putin said. They had also been planned for May 9. For more articles like this, please visit us at bloomberg.com 2020 Bloomberg L.P. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/civic-body-plans-to-rope-in-nurses-who-returned-to-kerala-from-gulf-countries/story-IKZbJbliOZLJKNVr3CjpYI.html</url>
<title>Civic body plans to rope in nurses who returned to Kerala from Gulf countries</title>
<body >Pune: Pune district administration on Tuesday met prominent Malayali community organisations in the city to rope in nurses who recently returned to Kerala from Gulf countries. According to Pune divisional commissioner Deepak Mhaisekar, the issue of nurses leaving the city hospitals and roping in trained nurses and health care workers who recently returned to Kerala from the Gulf was discussed during the meeting with two prominent Malayali community organisations in the city. We have asked the proactive and prominent community members of Malayali community to appeal to the nurses from Kerala to not return to the Gulf countries. Our efforts will be to provide them better options here, said Mhaisekar. Many hospitals from Pune have reported that their nurses, especially from Kerala, have left for home and are unwilling to return due to the fear of Covid-19. He added that the community members were asked to request the nurses, who had returned from Gulf countries recently to Kerala, to come to Pune and work in private as well as government hospitals. I asked the community members to request these trained nurses and health care staff to come here and we are ready to help them, he added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/news-updates-from-hindustan-times-at-9-pm-india-won-t-allow-change-of-status-quo-on-line-of-actual-control-say-officials-and-all-the-latest-news/story-O1jWllU2ORyO2JtR7OH7JP.html</url>
<title>News updates from Hindustan Times at 9 PM: India wont allow change of status quo on Line of Actual Control, say officials and all the latest news</title>
<body >Here are todays top news, analysis and opinion at 9 PM. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times. India wont allow change of status quo on Line of Actual Control: Officials The government sources on Tuesday underlined that India wont permit any change of the status quo on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) amid rising tensions with China in the Ladakh sector. Read more. Assam flood situation deteriorates, 2 lakh people in 7 districts affected Nearly two lakh people in seven districts in Assam have been affected by floods as incessant rain across much of the state worsened the situation on Tuesday. Read more. Covid-19 latest: Kerala sees biggest single-day spike, CM cautions against lowering guard Kerala on Tuesday reported 67 coronavirus cases, the highest in a single day since the outbreak in January resulting in the chief minister sounding a note of caution against the lowering of guard and easing of surveillance at this critical juncture as it may lead to community transmission of the disease. Read more. Adityanath makes u-turn, UP says no permission needed to hire its workers Two days after Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath said other states will also need permission from the state for engaging its workers, his government said Tuesday that it would not incorporate, in the migration commission bye-laws, the prior permission clause for states seeking to employ manpower from UP. Read more. Donald Trump threatens to shift Republican convention President Donald Trump has threatened to shift the upcoming Republican party convention, where he will be officially crowned as the partys presidential nominee for the November elections out of Democratic-ruled North Carolina, citing continuing Covid-19 related restrictions there. Read more. You remind me of me:Jonty Rhodes gives huge praise to India cricketer on fielding efforts India cricketer Suresh Raina has always been known as a great fielder. The left-handed batsman was often seen diving around the cricket field, trying to save runs.He has also taken some memorable catches, and caused some quick run-outs. Read more. Crime Patrol actor Preksha Mehta commits suicide at 25, leaves final note on Instagram Television actor Preksha Mehta committed suicide at her residence in Indore by hanging herself from the ceiling fan. She took the drastic step on Monday night but her body was discovered early on Tuesday morning by her father. Read more. Aarogya Setus Android version made open source The government today made the Android version of Aarogya Setu open source. The iOS and KaiOS versions of Aarogya Setu will also be made open source soon. Read more.  </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/hotels-ordered-to-repay-7-days-rent-after-institutional-quarantine-cut-from-14-to-7-days/story-UcdW5APNX2vtFWXTgUhL8K.html</url>
<title>Hotels ordered to refund 7 days rent after institutional quarantine cut from 14 to 7 days</title>
<body >The home ministry has intervened on Tuesday following complaints that some hotels, used as temporary quarantine centres for people travelling from outside the country, were refusing to return seven day advance money after the government cut down institutional quarantine period from 14 days to seven. A notification issued on Tuesday by Ajay Bhalla, secretary home ministry in this regards instructs chief secretaries of all states to ensure that the hotels process refunds without any delay. It has been brought to the notice of this ministry that Indian nationals who were quarantined in hotels after their return from abroad were made to pay advance for 14 days. Since they can now leave for home quarantine after 7 days, the amount paid by them for the remaining 7 days needs to be refunded to them, which some hotels are refusing to refund, the order highlights. For Coronavirus Live Updates The home ministry on Sunday revised its guidelines to cut short mandatory institutional quarantine for passengers arriving from abroad on flights operated under the Vande Bharat missiona massive repatriation exercise being conducted by the government of Indiato seven days from earlier 14 days period. According to the revised advisory, people could choose to spend the second week of quarantine at their homes. But the ministry received complaints that several hotels had already charged 14-days rent from arriving guests and were now refusing to return a weeks advance rent. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 The home ministry directed the states to ensure that the hotels in their jurisdiction comply. You are requested to issue necessary directions to hotels earmarked/used for Institutional quarantine to ensure that foreign returnees who were quarantined in hotels and paid advance of 14-days, shall be refunded the balance amount, without any delay, the order said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/assam-flood-situation-deteriorates-2-lakh-people-in-7-districts-affected/story-lvFjvwOgu0FuOdref0IOCJ.html</url>
<title>Assam flood situation deteriorates, 2 lakh people in 7 districts affected</title>
<body >Nearly two lakh people in seven districts in Assam have been affected by floods as incessant rain across much of the state worsened the situation on Tuesday. According to the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), 229 villages in 17 revenue circles of Dhemaji, Lakhimpur, Darrang, Nalbari, Goalpara, Dibrugarh and Tinsukia have been affected by floods. A total of 1,94,916 people have been affected by floods and nearly 9,000 of them are taking shelter in  35 relief camps set up in Dhemaji, Lakhimpur, Goalpara and Tinsukia districts. A total of 1,007 hectares of crop area has been submerged due to flooding and around 16,500 domestic animals and poultry affected, the ASDMA said. Most rivers in the state continued to remain in spate with the Jia Bharali and Brahmaputra flowing above the danger mark in Sonitpur and Nematighat (Jorhat) respectively. Meanwhile, three persons from a single family were killed due to a landslide at Arzoo village in Dibang Valley district of Arunachal Pradesh on Monday. Incessant rainfall in the past couple of days has affected large parts of the state. Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu announced ex-gratia of Rs 4 lakh each to next of kin of the deceased persons. He directed district officials to move people to safer areas to protect them from floods and landslides. The situation in the region is likely to remain grim for the next few days with the India Meteorological Department (IMD) issuing a red alert predicting heavy to very heavy rainfall in Assam and Meghalaya from May 26 to May 28. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/all-entering-punjab-to-be-screened-testing-a-must-for-symptomatic-health-minister/story-0jvmXWt6HkqCwHKbChaP5H.html</url>
<title>All entering Punjab to be screened, testing a must for symptomatic: Health minister</title>
<body >The Punjab health department on Tuesday issued a detailed advisory on medical protocol and procedures for all international as well as domestic travellers coming to the state by air, rail and road. In a statement, health and family welfare minister Balbir Singh Sidhu said all international travellers will be required to hand over self-declaration forms containing personal and health details to officials for screening at the point of entry. Inbound international passengers found to be symptomatic during screening will be taken to a health facility and their RT-PCR samples will be taken for Covid testing as per the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) guidelines, he said. He said those who test positive and are asymptomatic, provided they are aged less than 60 or do not have any comorbidity, will be kept in Covid care centres whereas passengers who test positive and need medical supervision (either due to the severity of symptoms or any associated co-morbidity or are aged above 60) will be shifted to a level-II or level-III facility. Asymptomatic passengers found negative will be put under institutional quarantine on payment basis and tested on the fifth day and if tested negative they will be allowed to go home after completion of 7-day institutional quarantine and advised home isolation for the same period, the minister added. Domestic travellers entering Punjab by air, train, road will also be screened at the entry points, Sidhu said. They will have to report to nearest health facility in case of development of any symptoms, he said. Frequent interstate travellers who need to move outside Punjab, such as MP, MLA, doctors, journalists and engineers, etc need not be home quarantined, he added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/man-held-remanded-for-uk-gurdwara-hate-crime/story-ZbqJV9XNq17X86n5xA51JO.html</url>
<title>Man held, remanded for UK gurdwara hate crime</title>
<body > A man charged with burglary and causing thousands of pounds of damage in the Guru Arjan Dev Gurdwara in Derby has been arrested and remanded to prison custody on Tuesday, the Derbyshire police said. Mohammed Ibrar, 31, who was also involved in an alleged stabbing in a shop after the gurdwara incident, appeared before Southern Derbyshire magistrates court. The police said they were called just before 8.40am on Monday to reports that the Guru Arjan Dev Gurdwara in Stanhope Street had been broken into. Another call minutes later said a man had been stabbed inside a shop in Normanton Road. A 41-year-old man was found injured. Chief superintendent David Cox said: I know this is a very upsetting incident not only because this is a place of worship but the alleged actions of the individual involved have a wider impact across the community. I am taking this incident very seriously and I have a team of detectives who are working through the full circumstances of what has taken place. This is being treated as a hate crime. Throughout yesterday and today we have been in continued dialogue with the Sikh community and local officers will be more visible in the area to make sure both those associated with the Gurdwara and the wider community feel safe. The attack on gurdwara was deplored by many in the community. Labour MP Preet Kaur Gill regretted the incident: Very sad to see an attack on any place of worship. Thoughts are with the Derby sangat who have been providing 500 meals a day from Guru Arjan Dev Gurdwara. The Indian consulate in Birmingham said: We are deeply saddened by the attackWe hope all communities will stand together in this time of difficulty to maintain peace  harmony in the spirit of universal brotherhood. The gurdwara said the hate-crime would not deter it from its seva and simran: We will continue the service the community with Langar and continue to stream live nitnem (daily prayers). We will ensure the safety of all our Sevadhaars (volunteers) and employees. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/pune-airport-sees-23-flights/story-4i5HtcqZfrIYH3ow2CdMrN.html</url>
<title>Pune airport sees 23 flights</title>
<body >Pune: On the second consecutive day, on Tuesday, 1,758 passengers travelled from the Pune airport to various destination across the country. 12 flights arrived and 11 flights departed from the airport on Tuesday till 7.30 pm. A total of 23 flight operations were handed from the airport on Tuesday, according to the airport authorities. According to the information given by the Pune airport director Kuldeep Singh, 11 flights carried 1,200 passengers. And from the 12 flights which arrived at the Pune airport, 558 passengers landed in Pune from different parts of the country. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/two-corporators-detained-released-for-opposing-pcmc-action/story-KPNiaYST0jccqbJL97w5KN.html</url>
<title>Two corporators in Pimpri-Chinchwad detained, released for opposing civic bodys action</title>
<body >Pune: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Raju Misal and Shiv Sena corporator Amit Gawade were detained on Tuesday as they opposed the civic bodys preventive step to quarantine residents at Pimpri Chinchwad College of Engineering, which falls under a green zone in Akurdi Pradhikaran. The two Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) corporators were later released. Rajendrakumar Rajmane, senior inspector of Ravet police chowky, said, They were charged under Sections 68 and 69 of the Bombay Police Act, 1951 on Tuesday and released after two hours as per the notice served under Section 149 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), 1973. The two corporators had opposed PCMC move to quarantine people in the educational institute located in the densely populated residential area of Pradhikaran. Misal and Gawade, along with residents from the area, staged a protest on Saturday and Sunday in front of the Pimpri Chinchwad College of Engineering, sector 26, Akurdi Pradhikaran. Protestors put beds in front of the gate of the college and staged protest throughout the night. The civic body has quarantined 14 people inside the campus. The residents in quarantine belong to the Anandnagar slums located in Chinchwad, a red-zone belt. PCMC commissioner Shravan Hardikar told them that the opposition in the Akurdi Pradhikaran area was wrong because its a question of the entire city. Misal said, In the afternoon the police told us to accompany them. The civic body did not take us into confidence while taking such big decision. They should have informed the corporators. He said the residents in the locality, for the last two-and-a-half months, have been strictly following social distancing and taking necessary precautions, so the area falls in a green zone. PCMC should shift these people to a school located in Anandnagar. Meanwhile, the residents were upset over the action taken by the authority and said that the corporators had taken the step for the safety of senior citizens. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/no-major-side-effects-of-hcq-in-studies-in-india-can-be-used-as-preventive-covid-treatment-icmr/story-EflWWnPlVu0FHhV1OH1xoM.html</url>
<title>No major side-effects of HCQ in studies in India, can be used as preventive Covid treatment: ICMR</title>
<body >No major side-effects of antimalarial drug Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) have been found in studies in India and its use can be continued in preventive treatment for Covid-19 under strict medical supervision, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) said on Tuesday. The ICMRs statement came against the backdrop of the World Health Organization (WHO) temporarily suspending the testing of the drug as a potential treatment for Covid-19 over safety concerns. The Covid-19 is an evolving field and we do not know which drug is working and which is not working. Lots of drugs are being repurposed for Covid-19, whether for prophylaxis (treatment given or action taken to prevent disease) or for treatment of the disease. During these six weeks, we got some data in India, mainly observational studies and some case control studies. We found there were no major side affects except for nausea, vomiting, palpitation occasionally. Hence in our advisory, weve recommended that it should be continued for prophylaxis as there is no harm. Benefit may be there, ICMR Director General Balram Bhargava said at a press briefing here on Tuesday. He said it has been clearly advised that HCQ should be taken with food, not on empty stomach. We also emphasized that one ECG should be done during the treatment. We expanded the use of HCQ from healthcare workers to front-line workers also, considering the potential benefits, he added. Bhargava said that Chloroquine is a very old antimalarial drug used for nearly100 years and Hydroxychloroquine is even safer and is widely used for malaria. Taking biological plausibility, in-vitro data and the availability and safety of this drug [HCQ], we had recommended it for use under strict medical supervision, the ICMR DG told the press conference. It was very popular drug suddenly when the American government also started using it and they got fast track approval or emergency use authorisation for it. We also thought that it may be a useful drug for prevention of Covid, Bhargava said. He said that risk-benefit studies of the HCQ were conducted at the AIIMS, the ICMR, and also in three public hospitals in Delhi. Looking at the risk and benefits we found that we should not deny it to our frontline and healthcare workers dealing with the Covid-19 patients. At the same time we have also said that the use of PPE should be continued, he stressed. Referring to an ongoing nationwide ICMR study to assess the efficacy HCQ as a preventive medication against Covid among healthcare personnel in hospitals, Bhargava said the soon-to-be-published findings will also talk about how many of the surveyed people were wearing PPEs, what were the side-effects and how many benefited. Bhargava further said the ICMR has ramped up testing facilities and over one lakh samples are being tested per day now. While India had just one lab -- NIV, Pune -- on January 17, it has 612 laboratories (430 public and 182) private labs now, he said. The capacity has been increased by augmenting number of labs, shifts, RT-PCR machines and manpower, he said. Guidelines have been issued to states advising immediate testing for symptomatic and home-quarantine for asymptomatic migrant workers. Besides, most states have been working with the National Tuberculosis Elimination Programme to deploy TrueNat machines for Covid-19 testing. Indigenous manufacturers of RT-PCR kits, VTM, swabs and RNA extraction kits have been facilitated, he said. Lav Agarwal, Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Health, said the recovery rate for Covid-19 cases in the country has seen an upwards trend and has improved from 7.1 per cent in March, when the lockdown was initiated, to 11.42 per cent during the second phase of lockdown.   It improved to 26.59 pc in the third phase and to 41.61 per cent now, he said. The ICMR in its revised advisory on May 22 recommended use of the HCQ as a preventive medication for Covid-19 for asymptomatic healthcare workers in non-Covid hospitals and frontline staff on surveillance duty in containment zones and paramilitary/police personnel involved in coronavirus related activities. Besides, the drug was also recommended for all asymptomatic healthcare workers involved in containment and treatment of Covid-19 and household contacts of laboratory-confirmed cases.  Highlighting the studies on prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 infection, the advisory stated that a retrospective case-control analysis at ICMR has found that there is a significant dose-response relationship between the number of prophylactic doses taken and frequency of occurrence of SARS CoV-2 infection in symptomatic healthcare workers who were tested for coronavirus infection. Another investigation from three central government hospitals here indicates that amongst healthcare workers involved in Covid-19 care, those on HCQ prophylaxis were less likely to develop SARS-CoV-2 infection, compared to those who were not on it. The benefit was less pronounced in healthcare workers caring for a general patient.  Besides, an observational prospective study of 334 healthcare workers at AIIMS, out of which 248 took HCQ prophylaxis (median 6 weeks of follow-up) here also showed that those taking it had lower incidence of SARS-CoV-2 than those not taking it. According to the advisory, the drug has to be given only on the prescription of a registered medical practitioner and it is advised to consult with a physician for any adverse event or potential drug interaction before initiation of medication. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/350-migrants-jump-off-trains-to-escape-quarantine-in-bihar-180-detained/story-opjHMM0tLd5NOlGfJFrJKO.html</url>
<title>350 migrants jump off trains to escape quarantine in Bihar, 180 detained</title>
<body >As many as 350 migrants returning from Delhi and Patiala jumped off Shramik Special trains by pulling alarm chains in two separate incidents between Mansi-Saharsa rail sections near Simri-Bakhtiarpur station falling under East Central railway on Tuesday. According to reports, the train (04062) carrying the migrant workers from Delhis Anand Vihar to Purnia halted near the Ranibagh railway crossing though there was no scheduled stoppage. Around 150 workers de-boarded and escaped. On getting information, Simri Bakhtiarpur BDO Manoj Kumar reached the spot and also met station superintendent of Simri Bakhtiarpur railway station, B K Verma who said the train stopped at around 8.36 am to 8.41 am after passengers pulled the emergency brake. Later the BDO visited a nearby village and urged locals as well as the mukhia (headman) to inform them about the migrants who escaped from the train. The locals also demanded migrants who escaped from the train should be kept in quarantine centres. In another incident, at around 4.24 pm more than 250 migrant returnees fled a Shramik Special train near the same rail section after pulling the alarm chain. After some locals spotted the migrant returnees coming from the railway track towards Ranibagh area, they informed police and railway protection force (RPF). While 180 of the migrants were detained by the locals, others managed to escape. On getting information BDO Manoj Kumar and government railway polices (GRP) station house officer (SHO) Ranveer Kumar reached the spot and brought them back to Simri Bakhtiarpur railway station. Though the migrants refuted the allegation of chain pulling and said that they alighted from the train as it had stopped, the station superintendent insisted that the chain was pulled to stop the train. The migrants would be sent to their respective native places by buses after thermal scanning. One of the migrants said the Shramik Special train (4534) was carrying people of Saharsa from Patiala in Punjab. We were facing a lot of problems owing to lack of jobs and the lockdown. We were returning home, he added. In a similar incident, migrants allegedly stopped another train headed towards Gaya from Chandigarh near Mahdi Ganj village in Sasaram district. Soon after, the passengers started deboarding the train and ran away to their destinations instead of going to the quarantine centre, GRP officials said. Twenty four passengers are suspected to have escaped from the train. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/indigo-grounds-chennai-coimbatore-flight-crew-after-passenger-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/story-JLG9Fiqxzh2z42nNtPwDCO.html</url>
<title>IndiGo grounds Chennai-Coimbatore flight crew after passenger tests positive for coronavirus</title>
<body >IndiGo on Tuesday grounded the crew of Chennai-Coimbatore flight after a passenger travelling on-board was found to be coronavirus positive. This is the first case of a passenger testing positive for Covid-19 after the domestic flight services resumed on Monday. The passenger, who was on-board the Chennai-Coimbatore IndiGo flight 6E 381, has been sent on quarantine at ESI state medical facility at Coimbatore. As a precautionary measure, the crew members that operated on the flight have been grounded for 14 days, IndiGo said in a statement. The passenger was seated on-board the aircraft with all precautionary measures including face mask, face shield and gloves, as were the other passengers. Additionally, no one else was seated in his vicinity, significantly reducing the possibility of transmission, the statement said. The operating crew has been grounded for 14 days and we are in the process of notifying other passengers as per the government guidelines, to ensure safety of our passengers and staff, IndiGo said. India on Monday resumed air travel across the country after grounding the flight services for two months as a measure to control the spread of coronavirus. Several states have announced varied quarantine and self-isolation rules for the passengers arriving. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/over-200-bats-found-dead-in-a-bihar-village-doctors-collect-their-swabs-for-testing/story-IaDy0j7ud81OBj7cpFmUyJ.html</url>
<title>Over 200 bats found dead in a Bihar village, doctors collect their swabs for testing</title>
<body >A team of doctors from Bihar governments animal husbandry department on Tuesday confirmed reports of mass death of bats near Ara in Bhojpur district. The swab samples of the dead birds are being sent to Patna for testing and doctors said any reason for their death could only be attributed after the test reports are obtained. The team of doctors visited Tarari, 55 km south from Bhojpur district headquarter of Ara after getting information about the death of hundreds of bats there. As per locals, a large number of bats were found dead in Tarari on Monday, following which the animal husbandry department was informed. The district animal husbandry officer Dr Sidh Nath Rai said that the team of six doctors who visited the incident site on Tuesday reported about the death of around 200 bats there. He said that the swab samples of dead bats have been taken and it will be sent to the Institute of Animal Health and Production situated in Patna for testing. The bizarre incident has generated even more curiosity as it comes amidst the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic which has been linked to bats. For Coronavirus Live Updates The district animal husbandry officer said he could only speak about the reason of the deaths after getting the medical report from Patna. However, he said that the incident does not seem to be connected with bird flu. Bats are mammals and bird flu is not known to spread in high temperatures like at the present. The dead bats have been buried five to six feet deep in the ground following all the medical procedures. The incident site and all the nearby places were also sanitised. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/court-rejects-pre-arrest-bail-of-doc-booked-for-sexually-abusing-covid-19-patient/story-3YNHbaS4y3otZBMIF34lIP.html</url>
<title>Court rejects pre-arrest bail of doc booked for sexually abusing Covid-19 patient</title>
<body >The sessions court has refused to grant anticipatory bail to a 33-year-old doctor, booked for sexually abusing a Covid-19 patient. The doctor is employed with a private hospital and was posted at a special ward for coronavirus patients. As per the complaint lodged with Agripada police station, on May 2, the accused allegedly misbehaved and sexually abused a 44-year-old male patient at an ICU ward. The patient, however, made a written complaint to the hospital administration after which the doctor was asked to give a written explanation. Later, the administration approached the Agripada police against the doctor. The doctor, who is put under quarantine, in his explanation to the hospital said that he had just responded to the sexual advances of the patient and the allegations of sexual abuse were false. The court refused to accept his defence and rejected his anticipatory bail petition. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/ludhiana-employment-bureau-goes-digital-launches-web-links-for-various-services/story-enCRyMPaXBPAfEpx9itcpK.html</url>
<title>Ludhiana employment bureau goes digital, launches web links for various services</title>
<body >Amid the coronavirus lockdown, the district bureau of employment and enterprises (DBEE), Ludhiana, has gone digital and launched few online links for welfare of the youths looking for work. Chief executive officer (CEO) of Ludhiana DBEE-cum-ADC (Jagraon) Neeru Katyal Gupta said the educated youths, who are in search of jobs, can register and create their profiles to apply for government as well as private jobs on www.pgrkam.com. She also said that the registration link for employers, who are looking to hire labourers, can post their requirements on employer vacancy collection form on https://forms.gle/L83tdytrWqXNgFxD8, while those who are looking to work as labour can fill up the labour registration form on https://forms.gle/QXpKYNptn57P29G78. Similarly, those who want to start their own business by taking loans can fill up the self-employment registration form on https://forms.gle/ZV2VdahGUX5DrobZ8. HELPLINE NUMBER LAUNCHED Deputy CEO of DBEE, Ludhiana, Navdeep Singh, said the employment bureau has also started a mobile helpline number for those who seek assistance in finding jobs, career counselling, self-employment, manual registration or have any queries. Such people can call up on helpline number 7740001682 between 9am to 5pm on all government working days. For any other queries, one can send an email to dbeeludhelp@gmail.com. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/kdmc-asks-housing-societies-to-screen-residents/story-LACCLk5T8g2Yjx4ykuqwGM.html</url>
<title>KDMCasks housing societies to screen residents</title>
<body >The Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC) on Tuesday sent notices to housing societies to purchase pulse oximeter and thermal scanning gun and screen all residents. The housing society committee members have to maintain health record of all residents and ensure timely medical help to all. We have issued a detailed instruction to the housing societies. They need to maintain a record of each resident. This will make our work easier too, said Vijay Suryavanshi, KDMC commissioner. The KDMC notice states that each society has to choose volunteers who will visit every flat and screen residents. They have to keep a track of everyday readings and if someone shows any symptoms, they have to alert the KDMC through the helpline numbers. A separate list of senior citizens, differently abled and those who have diabetes, hypertension, cancer or undergoing dialysis has to be prepared. Not all housing societies are keen on the new initiative. Although this is a positive move from KDMC, we are not sure if we have sufficient manpower to conduct such tests daily. Most of our residents are senior citizens or working couples who work from home. We will try our best to implement it, said Alok Mitra, secretary of Sunshine Court, Kalyan West. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/ott-is-the-future-and-actors-need-to-warm-up-to-the-new-normal/story-aEOafOI7iW1ITDTCyqLP7K.html</url>
<title>OTT is the future and actors need to warm up to the new normal</title>
<body >Actors are more often than not resistant to the idea of doing projects on OTT platforms, as they prefer the magic of the 70 mm screen. A National School of Drama graduate, Pankaj Tripathi, was always different in his approach towards acting. A source says, For him, the contents merit and the power of the stories were always the key. He cared little if it was for a play, a short film, a feature movie, a blockbuster venture or an OTT show. And during lockdown, he has realised how being platform agnostic has helped him reach far and wide with the masses. Right now, with the ongoing lockdown, the only works that are reaching the audience are the shows on OTT and he is grateful that he made the jump to streaming platforms in time.Pankaj Tripathi in conversation with Neelesh Misra"It is important for the kids to know our roots. If every human understands the sacrifices one goes through in growing food, people will stop wasting food"Read https://t.co/40DkIzbun7@TripathiiPankaj @Nawazuddin_S @anubhavsinha Ankita (@Ankitaa03) May 17, 2020 Pankaj Tripathi in conversation with Neelesh Misra"It is important for the kids to know our roots. If every human understands the sacrifices one goes through in growing food, people will stop wasting food"Read https://t.co/40DkIzbun7@TripathiiPankaj @Nawazuddin_S @anubhavsinha Explaining further, Tripathi says, Actors need to be fluid. They cant suffer from mental blocks. For them, the only thing that should matter is how good a story is, who the colleagues are and the conviction of the makers. Today, I feel grateful that I have done web shows that are keeping people entertained in these difficult times. So many fans are rediscovering my old works - Sacred Games, Mirzapur and Criminal Justice - and are messaging their feedback. It feels heartening to see the response. The audience is ready for good content and I reiterate my belief, the universe conspires to ensure good shows meet its audience. OTT is the future and actors need to warm up to the new normal. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/on-the-brink-of-a-new-cold-war-china-on-ties-with-us-after-covid-outbreak/video-cXB5SZ9iRCrVX7AIrRNH4H.html</url>
<title>On the brink of a new cold war: China on ties with USafter Covid outbreak</title>
<body >The war of words between China and the US escalated over the Covid-19 outbreak. After US president Donald Trump on several occasions blamed China for the virus, China has now said that Washington seemed to be infected by a political virus. Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi said that some political forces in the US have taken the China-US relations hostage and added that ties now stand on the brink of a new Cold War. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/from-aircraft-to-airports-sanitization-increased-to-tackle-covid-threat/video-I5lgg60UzJO5EZL2hZjpIL.html</url>
<title>From aircraft to airports, sanitization increased to tackle Covid threat</title>
<body >As domestic flight services resume, sanitization exercises were conducted inside aircraft and at airports to tackle the Covid threat. A Vistara flight which landed in Bhubaneswar from Delhi was thoroughly sanitized after passengers disembarked. Meanwhile, airports have also put in place measures to ensure contactless service to aid passengers. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid-cases-have-increased-but-there-s-nothing-to-worry-arvind-kejriwal/video-W4pOf1S3QoOn5FWAVocueP.html</url>
<title>Covid cases have increased, but theres nothing to worry: Arvind Kejriwal</title>
<body >Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal gave an update about the Covid situation in the capital a week after relaxations in lockdown were announced. Kejriwal said that while the number of cases have increased theres nothing much to worry as the recovery rate is high. Kejriwal also said that hospitals in the capital are well equipped to deal with any surge in cases that may happen. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/little-worried-but-work-comes-first-flight-attendant-as-domestic-air-services-resumevideo/video-rcUSMg2ibCALuybYRETDPP.html</url>
<title>Little worried but work comes first: Flight attendant as domestic air services resume</title>
<body >Domestic flight services resume across India after a gap of two months. Passengers were screened before they boarded their flight. Passengers onboard flights were seen wearing face shields. A flight attendant at Delhis IGI airport expressed little worry but also said that work comes first. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/major-relief-to-commuters-3-flyover-projects-of-nh-44-opened-for-traffic-in-ludhiana/story-qkMrJX9rdV1mcotDFUUU8I.html</url>
<title>Major relief to commuters: 3 flyover projects of NH-44 opened for traffic in Ludhiana</title>
<body >In a major relief for Ludhiana residents, the long pending projects of three flyovers under National Highway-44 (Jalandhar-Panipat project) have been completed, with deputy commissioner (DC) Pradeep Agrawal opening the Sherpur Chowk flyover for traffic on Monday. Now, traffic coming from Jalandhar will not have to enter the city to reach Delhi and vice versa, reducing the vehicular rush on Ludhiana roads. The projects were to be completed by March 31, 2020, but the work was delayed due to the nationwide lockdown. The Basti Jodhewal bridge was opened for traffic in November last year, while both sides of Sherpur Chowk and Cancer Hospital flyover were opened this month. Punjab road safety council member Rahul Verma said, The three flyovers worth around 75 crore have been completed and opened for traffic. A temporary down ramp has also been established to facilitate the entry of light vehicles coming from Cancer Hospital side to Sherpur Chowk. Moreover, the administration is in talks with the NHAI to establish permanent entry and exit points at Sherpur Chowk and near Jalandhar Bypass. The expansion project of Laddowal toll plaza is going on and it is expected that the service lane being established over the Buddha Nullah, near Tibba road, would be opened for traffic in around two weeks, he said. DC Agrawal said, Even though the flyovers have been completed, there are still many issues such as Tajpur road cut, entry exit points on the highway, etc, for which we are coordinating with the NHAI. PROJECT HANGING FIRE FOR OVER 10 YEARS The three flyover projects in the city -- Basti Jodhewal, Sherpur Chowk and the one near Mohan Dai Oswal Cancer hospital -- were hanging fire for over ten years, giving the commuters a harrowing time. The project had commenced in 2008 and was to be completed by 2011, but the construction work was put to a halt in 2010 due to some issues between the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the construction company. It restarted last year after Congress leader including member of Parliament (MP) Ravneet Singh Bittu, cabinet minister Bharat Bhushan Ashu, mayor Balkar Sandhu, members of legislative assembly (MLAs) Sanjay Talwar, Surinder Dawar and others staged a two-day protest at Laddowal toll plaza in March, ahead of Lok Sabha elections. SINGLE SPAN FLYOVER AT TAJPUR ROAD CUT Apart from the above said projects, the authorities are working on a bridge at Tajpur road cut under change of scope (COS) plans. As a large number of residents cross the highway from Tajpur road cut, they had demanded a passage to cross the road after the completion of the highway project. As there is no cut, the residents have to travel till Basti Jodhewal or Samrala Chowk to cross the road. As per the information, retired municipal corporation (MC) engineer MPS Kalra has been appointed as consultant for Punjab region by NHAI. He said that they have commenced a survey to establish a single-span flyover which would connect Kailash Nagar with Tajpur Road. The survey report would soon be submitted with the NHAI authorities, he said. Earlier, there was a plan to establish vehicular underpass at the point. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/uk-minister-quits-over-pm-aide-s-lockdown-breach-row-some-shops-to-open/story-TkgXaIFh66VTHflNyiVpVI.html</url>
<title>UK minister quits over PM aides lockdown breach row; some shops to open</title>
<body >The row over Prime Minister Boris Johnsons chief adviser breaching lockdown rules continued to bedevil the government as a junior minister resigned in protest on Tuesday and several ruling Conservative MPs and others reiterated their demand that he step down or be sacked. The story of chief adviser Dominic Cummings travelling over 260 miles from London to Durham in violation of official advice in March-end after he and his wife had coronavirus symptoms overshadowed plans to reopen some shops and markets from June 1. Douglas Ross, minister for Scotland, referred to fury among his constituents over Cummings actions in his resignation letter to Johnson, and said questions remained for the aide to answer after he appeared before the news media on Monday evening. Ross said: I have constituents who didnt get to say goodbye to loved ones; families who could not mourn together; people who didnt visit sick relatives because they followed the guidance of the government. I cannot in good faith tell them they were all wrong and one senior adviser to the government was right, he wrote in his resignation letter. Attempts by Johnson and Cummings to brazen out the row were met by furious headlines not only in the left-leaning newspapers such as The Guardian and Mirror, but also Conservative-supporting mass circulation tabloids such as the Daily Mail. Church of England bishops who joined calls for the advisers resignation said on Tuesday they had received death threats, as the death toll and number of cases in the UK continued to rise. Johnson announced partial opening of markets: Outdoor markets and car showrooms will be able to reopen from 1 June, as soon as they are able to meet the Covid-19 secure guidelines to protect shoppers and workers. All other non-essential retail including shops selling clothes, shoes, toys, furniture, books, and electronics, plus tailors, auction houses, photography studios, and indoor markets, will be expected to be able to reopen from 15 June, he said. However, the plans were met with doubts if customers would feel confident to return to shops as the threat of pandemic continues to loom and a boom in online shopping. The row over Cummings has also endangered public trust in official advice on dealing with the virus. Stephen Reicher, expert on the governments Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies, told Sky News: One of the central messages that we gave to Government, one of the central points that we made was that the way we have gotten through this pandemic to date is by acting together, by thinking in terms of we, of whats good for the community. Millions of people up and down the country have done precisely that in very difficult circumstances, agonising circumstances around their families and thought What is good for us as a community? I think the real problem here is that not simply in what Cummings did but in the messaging that the Prime Minister put out. The lesson was, forget about the we, its about I. Now, thank God, the public at large didnt take that attitude, the public at large, as I say, made those major sacrifices, but it threatens to undermine that sense of community if a figure as prominent as Dominic Cummings and if the Prime Minister himself starts undermining that we message and starts talking about I. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/regional-movies/prithviraj-says-he-had-to-develop-dangerously-low-body-fat-look-for-aadujeevitham-see-pic/story-EuUREkNP8fFmRvi7IfSfSK.html</url>
<title>Prithviraj says he had to develop dangerously low body fat look for Aadujeevitham. See pic</title>
<body >Actor Prithviraj Sukumaran on Tuesday revealed that he had to drop his body fat to dangerously low level in preparation for his character in upcoming Malayalam drama Aadujeevitham. In a Facebook post, Prithviraj opened up about his transformation for the character. One month since we finished the last of the bare body scenes for Aadujeevitham. On the last day, I had dangerously low fat percentage and visceral fat levels. Post that, one month of fuelling, resting and training my body has got me here, he wrote. View this post on Instagram           One month since we finished the last of the bare body scenes for #Aadujeevitham. On the last day, I had dangerously low fat percentage and visceral fat levels. Post that..one month of fuelling, resting and training my body has got me here. I guess my crew whove seen me a month ago when I was at my weakest, and way way below my ideal weight will be the ones truly surprised. Thanks to @ajithbabu7 my trainer/nutritionist and Blessy chetan and team for understanding that post "THAT" day, shoot will have to be planned with enough time allocated for my recuperation. Remember..the human body has its limits..the human mind doesnt! @dqsalmaan #TrainingDone  A post shared by  Prithviraj Sukumaran (@therealprithvi) on May 26, 2020 at 12:53am PDT One month since we finished the last of the bare body scenes for #Aadujeevitham. On the last day, I had dangerously low fat percentage and visceral fat levels. Post that..one month of fuelling, resting and training my body has got me here. I guess my crew whove seen me a month ago when I was at my weakest, and way way below my ideal weight will be the ones truly surprised. Thanks to @ajithbabu7 my trainer/nutritionist and Blessy chetan and team for understanding that post "THAT" day, shoot will have to be planned with enough time allocated for my recuperation. Remember..the human body has its limits..the human mind doesnt! @dqsalmaan #TrainingDone  A post shared by  Prithviraj Sukumaran (@therealprithvi) on May 26, 2020 at 12:53am PDT I guess my crew whove seen me a month ago when I was at my weakest, and way below my ideal weight will be the ones truly surprised, he added. Ajith Babu my trainer/nutritionist and Blessy chetan and team for understanding that post THAT day, shoot will have to be planned with enough time allocated for my recuperation. Remember, the human body has its limits, the human mind doesnt, he added. In the film, directed by Blessy, Prithviraj plays an abused migrant worker in Saudi Arabia. It is based on the critically-acclaimed eponymous 2008 novel. Last week, Prithviraj and 58-member crew of Aadujeevitham returned to Kochi after being stranded for over two months in Jordan. Prithviraj is currently under state imposed quarantine for seven days. In March, he shared how the team got stranded while shooting the second schedule of the film, due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. He said the team decided to stay back in Jordan and continue shooting by taking all precautionary measures. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch We are currently in Wadi Rum, Jordan and continuing shoot. We have decided so because, given the circumstances, that seems to be our best option. There are no international flights operating in and out of Jordan at the moment, and given the fact that all of us are already here, we can either stay put in our camp in the desert which is currently accommodating only our unit, or get out and shoot at our location which is barely a few minutes outside our camp. After consulting with the authorities and undergoing medical check-ups for each member of the unit, we have been given a go-ahead for the shoot as the location and the process of filming Aadujeevitham is in itself very isolated, he had posted. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/nushrat-bharucha-on-her-dadi-doing-pocha-mom-playing-badminton-in-lockdownvideo/video-1TvxH6dzOOsWaWVyWEoG4L.html</url>
<title>Nushrat Bharucha on her dadi doing pocha, mom playing badminton in lockdown</title>
<body >Actor Nushrat Bharucha revealed her mother and grandmothers routine amid covid-19 lockdown. Nushrat said that her grandmother had been doing pocha. She also expressed fear over her mothers desire to play badminton amid lockdown. Watch the full video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/new-viruses-are-tip-of-the-iceberg-says-china-s-bat-woman-from-wuhan-virology-institute/story-y4ieBc9wqSsvYKaWwZWO9J.html</url>
<title>New viruses are tip of the iceberg, says Chinas bat woman from Wuhan virology institute</title>
<body >New viruses being discovered are only the tip of the iceberg, according to a leading Wuhan-based virologist at the centre of Covid-19-related conspiracy theories because of her research on coronaviruses found in bats. The unknown viruses that we have discovered are actually just the tip of the iceberg, Shi Zhengli, deputy director of the Wuhan Institute of Virology, said in an interview to Chinese state television on Monday. She added it was important to carry out advanced research on pathogens. Shi is known as Chinas bat woman, as she has worked on coronaviruses found in the flying mammals for years, most notably inside abandoned mines in the southwestern province of Yunnan. She has kept a low profile since the Covid-19 outbreak in the central Chinese city of Wuhan late last year, only occasionally commenting on social media, including once to deny that she had defected from China after the pandemic rapidly spread. According to the Communist Party of Chinas mouthpiece, the Peoples Dailys English website, Shi had reacted on February 2to a research article by Indian scientists implying the novel coronavirus possibly originated from the Wuhan Institute of Virology. The 2019 novel coronavirus is a punishment by nature to humans unsanitary life styles. I promise with my life that the virus has nothing to do with the lab, she said on social media app WeChat. In a short interview with state television channel CGTN on Monday, Shi defended Chinas transparency in handling the outbreak and emphasised the need for more research on viruses. If we want to protect humans from viruses or avoid a second outbreak of new infectious diseases, we must go in advance to learn of these unknown viruses carried by wild animals in nature and then give early warnings, she said. And we must be able to store some drugs and reagents for detection, prevention or treatment for future prevention and control, Shi added. Like other leading Chinese scientists involved in epidemic control in China, Shi denied her institute was the origin of the novel coronavirus. Shi said her institute shared its data with the world and the WHO was well informed about breakthroughs. Later, we, along with two other medical institutes in our country, submitted the whole genome sequence of the virus to WHO on January 12, 2020, she said. At the same time, we also uploaded other sequences to a gene library called GISAID, which is used by governments and scientists around the world to identify pathogens, to develop vaccines and screen drugs. Earlier this month, Shi denied rumours of defecting to the West, saying on WeChat: Everything is all right for my family and me, dear friends! Posting nine recent photos, Shi added: No matter how difficult things are, it (defecting) shall never happen. Weve done nothing wrong. With strong belief in science, we will see the day when the clouds disperse and the sun shines. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/you-are-as-safe-after-lockdown-ends-varun-dhawan-shares-hilarious-mithun-chakravorty-meme-on-covid-19/story-UcTBJK4SISbJ34GgIn3mwL.html</url>
<title>You are as safe after lockdown ends...: Varun Dhawan shares hilarious Mithun Chakravorty meme on Covid-19</title>
<body >Bollywood star Varun Dhawan has shared a hilarious meme featuring Mithun Chakravorty to bring home our vulnerability as the state and central governments relax lockdown guidelines amid coronavirus pandemic. The image shows Mithun hiding behind a bicycle as he aims a pistol at someone, and dodges bullet from his armed opponent. The text says, Lockdown khatam hone ke baad aap utne hi safe hai jitne Mihtun Da Cycle ke piche dushman ki goli se (You are as safe after lockdown as Mithun Da is from the enemys bullets, hiding behind this cycle). The scene is from Mithuns cringe-classic Gunda. The post was lapped up by Varuns industry friends as well as fans as soon as he posted it Tuesday afternoon. Arjun Kapoor commented, Uthaya hai tumne buddy. Nupur Sanon posted smileys while Huma Qureshi wrote, Truth, and pasted a few laughing emojis . Varun recently wished his girlfriend Natasha Dalal on her birthday with a romantic Instagram post and he also declared that his love for her was far greater than his love for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  Currently, Varun is self-isolating with his family in Mumbai. Also read: Amitabh Bachchans Guzar Jayega set to be enlisted in the Guinness Book of Records Varun was all set for the release of his next, Coolie No 1, however, the release had to be postponed because of the closure of theatres and complete lockdown across the country. The film, a reboot of his father David Dhawans 1995 blockbuster, has Sara Ali Khan as its leading lady. . Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/tribal-bhawans-to-soon-reopen-in-himachal/story-XqOfrALikSF7AxetmB5LcI.html</url>
<title>Tribal bhawans to soon reopen in Himachal</title>
<body >Two months after the countrywide lockdown was enforced to combat coronavirus pandemic, the Himachal Pradesh government on Tuesday decided to reopen the tribal bhawans to facilitate the people of tribal regions visiting the urban areas for medical treatment. Chief minister Jai Ram Thakur on Tuesday addressed the members of different panchayati raj institutions of tribal Kinnaur, Lahaul and Spiti and remote Pangi region of Chamba district. Thakur said that the state government would soon start the functioning of Tribal Bhawan at Shimla so that tribal people coming to Shimla for treatment and for any emergent situation could get boarding and lodging facilities there. CM said that the elected representatives of the panchayati raj institutions were playing a vital role not only in development of the rural areas but also ensuring that the villages stay safe from Covid-19. He said that most of the Panchayats have also done great work in motivating the people to maintain social distancing and also for using face masks. Jai Ram Thakur thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for providing 20 lakh crore economic reforms package for the country. He said that the package envisages the welfare of all sections of the society and has something to offer for each and every sector. He said that the state would be immensely benefitted by this package. He said that 40,000 crore additional funds have been provided for MGNREGA which would definitely help in generating more employment opportunities in the rural areas besides improving developmental infrastructure in these areas of the state. The fourth phase of lockdown has forced us to rethink that we all have to live with this virus, thus start our economic activities for strengthening the economy, he said. He added that the state government also provided certain relaxations in the curfew so that economic activities could be started in the state in a phased manner. Jai Ram Thakur said that lakh of Himachali students, workers and other people were stranded in different parts of the country. He said the state was committed to their welfare. He said that this has resulted in a sharp increase in the number of corona cases in the state. He said that all the people coming from other parts of the country were being kept under quarantine. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/with-new-412-cases-delhi-s-daily-tally-dips-under-500-after-one-week/story-GiAXaSvhyRqFcfnVxZHNfM.html</url>
<title>Delhi sees 412 new Covid-19 cases, daily tally dips under 500 after one week</title>
<body >Delhi reported 412 cases of Covid-19 on Tuesday, taking the citys total tally to 14,465, according to the daily health bulletin from the Delhi government. New cases in the national capital were under 500 after one week, with the highest number of 660 recorded on May 22. On Tuesday, 12 more deaths were added to the total, taking the toll due to the viral infection in the city to 288. These are the deaths that get added to the total after a review by a three-member death audit committee to establish whether the primary cause of death was Covid-19. The positivity rate  the percentage of people testing positive among those tested  has gone up to 10% from 7.6% on May 18, when Delhi recorded 299 cases, which was one of the lowest daily numbers reported this month. The average positivity rate over the past week has been 11.5%, with the highest of 13.8% recorded on Monday. Delhi has already reached the second of three scenarios that a five-member expert committee had advised the chief minister to prepare for. The first scenario was when the city recorded 100 cases a day and the third scenario is the city recording 1,000 cases a day. Delhi is likely to start reporting 1,000 cases a day within the next two weeks or even sooner, a senior official of the Delhi government said on condition of anonymity. With the easing of lockdown norms and travel resuming, experts agree. The numbers are likely to go up now that markets have opened up and people are travelling. However, the numbers also depend on testing criteria  if more people are tested, the numbers would be higher. So, it is not the number of cases that we should be worried about, it is the number of deaths. We have to ensure early detection and treatment to prevent deaths, said Jugal Kishore, head of the department of community medicine at Safdarjung Hospital. If the current trends remain, around 30% of these cases or 300 people would need admission to hospital each day. The Delhi government is in the process of scaling up its Covid-19 infrastructure by adding another 1,500 beds with oxygen at Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital. All of the 2,000 beds in Lok Nayak Hospital, the biggest healthcare facility dedicated to treating Covid-19 patients, also have facility to provide oxygen. Only about 0.4% people need ventilator support, according to Delhi government data, which closely mimics the national average. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/icmr-removes-cap-of-4-500-for-covid-19-tests-states-free-to-fix-the-cost/story-i48FbKPDfuGS3Ph7grf8UK.html</url>
<title>ICMR removes cap of 4,500 for Covid-19 tests; states free to fix the cost</title>
<body >The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) on Tuesday removed the price cap of Rs4,500 for the real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test used to detect coronavirus disease (Covid-19). Now, the states have been given a free hand to negotiate with the approved list of laboratories and fix the cost to conduct Covid-19 test. ICMR director-general Dr. Balram Bhargava wrote to all the state chief secretaries that Rs 4,500, which was the ceiling price fixed earlier to conduct the RT-PCR test, is no longer applicable, as the testing capacity and infrastructure have improved significantly since the onset of the viral outbreak in the country. The dependence on imported kits has also become negligible because of an increase in domestic production. At the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic, there was a global crisis of testing kits and reagents, as India was heavily reliant on imported products for molecular detection of viruses. As such in mid-March, no rates for RT-PCR test for coronavirus were available for ready reference in the country. Keeping in view the cost of imported kits and efforts involved in carrying out the test, ICMR suggested the upper limit of a single test at Rs 4,500, the letter said. In April, Karnataka took the lead and capped the Covid-19 test rate at Rs2,250 in private laboratories for the swab samples sent by the government. Private laboratories elsewhere in the country are also dragging down their costs. Weve already reworked our costs to Rs3,500 for each test. This is the rate that were offering to the Delhi government, said Dr. Arvind Lal, chairman, and managing director, Dr. Lal Path Labs. There are 428 and 182 government and private laboratories, respectively, which are engaged in Covid-19 tests, and have a combined capacity of conducting 1.4 lakh tests in a day.  keeping in view of the evolving prices of the testing commodities, the earlier suggested upper ceiling of Rs4,500 may not be applicable now. All state governments/Union Territory administrations are being advised to negotiate with private laboratories and fix mutually agreeable prices for samples being sent by the government and also private individuals who want to get tested in these laboratories, said the letter. The government has been working with domestic manufacturers.  by handholding and promoting them to locally manufacture swabs, viral transport medium, and RNA extraction kits. now testing supplies are also stabilising and many of you have started procuring such kits from the local market. Due to varied options of testing materials/kits including indigenous ones, the prices are becoming competitive and are undergoing reduction, added the letter. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-australia-to-sign-defence-logistics-pact-during-first-virtual-bilateral-summit/story-auvsFacFqmcM6HaqZvRNIP.html</url>
<title>India, Australia to sign defence logistics pact during first virtual bilateral summit</title>
<body >In a diplomatic first, India and Australia are expected to sign an agreement for reciprocal access to military logistics facilities and other pacts aimed at developing alternative supply chains when the two sides hold their first virtual summit on June 4. The summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart Scott Morrison, yet to be formally announced, will be held against the backdrop of heightened friction with China for both countries. It will be Modis first virtual bilateral summit and the first time several bilateral agreements will be concluded virtually since the Covid-19 outbreak, two people familiar with the development said. The Mutual Logistics Support Agreement (MLSA), finalised at the 2+2 or combined dialogue of the foreign and defence secretaries in New Delhi last December, was to be signed during Morrisons visit in January, which was called off due to the Australian bushfires. With joint exercises and defence cooperation between India and Australia on the upswing, MLSA will remove the need for protracted negotiations for reciprocal access to logistics support every time a manoeuvre is organised, the people cited above said on condition of anonymity. It will also improve interoperability between the armed forces of the two sides. Between 2016 and 2019, India has signed similar logistics exchange agreements with the US, Singapore, France and South Korea. While the conclusion of MLSA is significant as the two sides have been negotiating it for some time, there is greater buzz about agreements to be signed in science and technology, research, pharmaceuticals and medical equipment, and rare earth metals and critical minerals which are aimed at creating supply chains in strategic areas that are less dependent on China, the people said. Even before the Covid-19 crisis, the two sides had been exploring the possibility of cooperating on rare earth metals such as lithium, neodymium and dysprosium, of which Australia has the worlds sixth largest reserves. More than 90% of Indias imports of rare earth metals, worth $3.4 million in 2016, come from China. The two sides will also look at enhancing their partnership in education as part of measures to shift the focus of Australian universities on the Chinese market, the people said. Prior to the Covid-19 crisis, Australia was home to some 90,000 Indian students. Were also looking at agreements in the maritime sphere and water resources and negotiations are underway on some other issues. Research and collaboration on Covid-19 will also figure in the discussions, said one of the people cited above. Morrison has described India as a natural partner for Australia, and Australian high commissioner Barry OFarrell has said the two sides have had regular discussions about how they can shape the post-Covid world order. In this context, OFarrell said Australia supports Indias call for reforming the World Health Organization (WHO) after overcoming the Covid-19 crisis. On Tuesday, defence minister Rajnath Singh tweeted that he had spoken on telephone with his Australian counterpart Linda Reynolds and discussed the response of both sides to the Covid-19 pandemic and possible areas of cooperation. India-Australia strategic partnership provides a good base for both the countries to work together in dealing with the post COVID challenges. We are committed to take forward the initiatives of bilateral defence and security cooperation under the Strategic Partnership framework, Singh added. While tensions between India and China are at a high following the standoff between their border troops in Ladakh, Australias relations with China too took a hit after Canberra called for an independent investigation into the origins of the Covid-19 pandemic. Nitin Pai, director of the Takshashila Institution, said it made absolute economic sense for India and Australia to reduce the risk of their exposure to China even if the two countries werent grappling with tensions with China and the Covid-19 crisis. It makes a lot of sense to find a diversity of suppliers on one hand, and to find a diversity of customers for products on the other, he said, adding the existing geo-political risks, the pandemic and travel restrictions make it vital not to put all eggs in one basket and to build a diversity of economic partnerships. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/sai-resumes-sports-activities-in-capital-s-jln-and-national-stadiums/story-dbXkr3hu71L9LgMRFEtLdP.html</url>
<title>SAI resumes sports activities in capitals JLN and National stadiums</title>
<body >The Sports Authority of India (SAI) on Tuesday started activities in two out of its five stadiums in the national capital after the central government green lighted resumption of outdoor sports in a phased manner. According to a SAI statement, sporting activities have resumed at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium from Tuesday afternoon in slots of one hour which needs to be pre-booked online.However, activities in Indira Gandhi Stadium and Karni Singh Shooting Range are expected to start in a weeks time as logistics are being worked out. Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Swimming Complex will remain shut as use of swimming pools continue to remain barred in the fourth edition of the coronavirus-forced nationwide lockdown which ends on May 31.Detailed guidelines have been made available to the stadia administrator and they have been briefed comprehensively to ensure adherence to government guidelines of health and hygiene, the government body said in the statement. While archery, table tennis, badminton and lawn tennis have started in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium initially, activities at the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium will depend on available facilities. Initially, sporting activities are being started in those disciplines where no contact is required among players and minimal sharing of equipment is needed, the SAI said. In keeping with the guidelines of the government on social distancing and hygiene, it has been decided a maximum of only 50 per cent of sports facilities in various stadia will be made operational to ensure social distancing.All stadia have been disinfected and deep sanitizated, in keeping with guidelines. Thermal checks and hand sanitization of every athlete and accompanying parents is being done at entry gates. The wearing of mask has been made mandatory, it added. The SAI stated that as per the government guidelines only athletes above the age of 10 years can resume sporting activities. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/rajnath-singh-reviews-security-with-top-military-brass-in-the-backdrop-of-india-china-boundary-tensions/story-WOsYKZp6DpiPnCYL3sv0vI.html</url>
<title>Rajnath Singh reviews security with top military brass in the backdrop of India-China boundary tensions</title>
<body >Defence minister Rajnath Singh held a security review meeting with the Chief of Defence Staff General Bipin Rawat and the three services chiefs on Tuesday in the backdrop of heightened tensions with China over the boundary issue that has manifested in a stand-off between the two sides at four places along the border and the line of actual control (LAC), reported ANI. The meeting follows reports that China may have scaled up the presence of its soldiers to up to 5,000 on its side of the disputed border in the Ladakh sector following incidents of clashes between the two sides. HT reported on May 10 about a flare-up at Naku La in north Sikkim between the two neighbours a day earlier. According to officials, 150 soldiers were reported to be involved in the standoff leading to injuries to four Indian and seven Chinese soldiers. The above incident took place after around 250 soldiers from the two sides clashed near Pangong Tso--a lake in the Himalayas situated at a height of about 4,350 metres that extends from India to the Tibetan autonomous region-- a few days ago on the night of May 5-6, also leading to injuries to scores of troops. India has accused China of blocking patrol by its troops while China has accused India of transgression into its territory. The incident was also taken note of by the US which criticized the Chinese aggression. The current situation is believed to be the worst since the 2017 Doklam standoff that lasted 73 days and dealt a blow to relations between the two sides. India has also sent military reinforcements to strengthen its defences as Indian and Chinese soldiers remain locked in an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation at four locations along the LAC. Several rounds of talks between local military commanders, the latest in the series taking place on Monday, have failed to end the deadlock that began with a violent clash between rival patrols three weeks ago near Pangong Tso. One of the officials told HT that India was tracking all aspects of the Chinese deployments and was maintaining parity in troop numbers. Army chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane had visited Ladakh last week for a review of the situation near Pangong Tso and three pockets in the Galwan Valley region where Chinese troops have pitched close to 100 tents and erected temporary structures. Also Watch: Rahul Gandhi demands transparency on faceoff with China  ties with Nepal The latest standoff is not confined to a small area like Doklam and has triggered an increase in troop numbers on both sides at multiple locations. Experts suggest the likely presence of a greater design behind it. They have also opined that the stalemate would now require political direction and diplomatic intervention to be resolved. For Coronavirus Live Updates </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/hima-das-says-she-improved-her-cooking-and-painting-skills-during-lockdown/story-gFXB65YWGIIkSWplQ8lzzI.html</url>
<title>Hima Das says she improved her cooking and painting skills during lockdown</title>
<body >For star sprinter Hima Das, the two months of coronavirus-forced national lockdown was not all about confinement inside her room at NIS-Patiala as she improved her cooking and painting skills besides doing yoga. All the track and field campers at the NIS were forced to remain indoors since mid March only to be given go ahead to train outdoors from Monday, with focus on fitness without specialised-event training initially. Learnt lot of things during lockdown like improved my cooking and painting. Did lot of meditation and yoga. Its a global lockdown and this was done for our safety, Hima wrote on her Twitter handle. Asked if she developed a new skill during the lockdown, she said cooking. I do Yoga, indoor fitness and meditation daily, she added. The 20-year-old world junior quartermile race champion was replying to a QA session on Twitter. She said she usually trained for six hours in a day. Asked how long it will take to find her old rhythm and speed, Hima said, Since we were out of action for almost 2 months, so I am sure it will take time and also it depends on how our coaches plan training regimes. She said the International Olympic Committee had taken the decision to postpone the Tokyo Games to next year by considering the health of all athletes. Hima also said cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar is her biggest inspiration and her dream is to win gold in Olympics. She said she gave her first salary to her father as she reached at this stage because of him. Talking about challenges of an athlete, she said, Ups and downs are always part of an athletes career. I believe life is all about making a comeback and working towards your goals. Facing challenges in life always makes you strong. As an athlete it is very important to stay focussed towards your goals and keep working hard. Definitely goal is to win Olympic medal. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/football/need-time-to-gel-again-but-players-are-mentally-ready-solskjaer/story-sHbcGtsSs8UG8J0oRO9y3I.html</url>
<title>Need time to gel again, but players are mentally ready: Solskjaer</title>
<body >English Premier League giants Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has said his players are mentally ready and look good physically after resumption of training. Former United striker Solskjaer added that while they will need a bit of time to gel when they start training in full groups, it is great to be back on the pitch. The players returned to the training complex last week. The clubs have been allowed to start small-group training after the top-flight football league in England was suspended on March 13 due to the coronavirus outbreak. Were back in training which has been great. The boys have been fantastic, the weathers been good and theyve enjoyed it, Solskjaer said in an exclusive MUTV Group Chat interview, on the clubs official website, manutd.com. Hopefully now weve proved we can do this safely and we can move to the next step. Its been really enjoyable being on the training ground again. Everyones looking sharp, everyones been in with a good mood and weve been splitting up in groups so (working in) fours and fives together and theyve really done well. Hopefully, they can as I said, step up and go to bigger training groups but so far its been good. I think when we start training in full groups, of course we need a bit of time to gel again, but theyre mentally ready and physically they look okay too, he added. On Paul Pogba and Marcus Rashford, who have recovered from the injuries which had kept them sidelined for a significant period of time prior to the suspension of football in March, the boss said: Theyre looking good, theyve joined training now and theyve done everything the other boys have been doing. No reaction so far, touch wood. When we get started, it looks like we can have a full squad to choose from. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/washing-currency-notes-vegetables-nushrat-bharuchas-anti-covid-regimenvideo/video-hV3OdS3uSOnyvayjX8GQNO.html</url>
<title>Washing currency notes, vegetables: Nushrat Bharuchas anti-Covid regimen</title>
<body >Nushrat Bharucha reveals the precautionary measures she has been taking amid lockdown to protect her parents and grandmother from covid-19. During an HT Spotlight webinar, the actor said that she doesnt allow her grandmother to go near the door when someone knocks at it. Nushrat also revealed that she washed currency notes and vegetables with soap and warm water. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid19-india-now-10th-biggest-hotspot-varied-quarantine-rules-as-flights-resumevideo/video-xJbpdZlTPFwylaAGY7JN3M.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: India now 10th biggest hotspot, varied quarantine rules as flights resume</title>
<body >Hindustan Times National Political Editor, Sunetra Choudhury brings you the top stories you need to know. Sunetra talks about the number of covid-19 cases in India, varied quarantine rules as domestic flights resume, virus strains on bats in china lab not matching covid-19, Jama Masjid to remain shut for Eid and more. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/brand-stories/sacred-heart-school-kalyan-introduces-hydroponics-as-part-of-the-school-curriculum/story-PSQjcjokVBe5vF6KwzyH0K.html</url>
<title>Sacred Heart School, Kalyan introduces Hydroponics as part of the school curriculum</title>
<body >The post-Covid world needs a host of new innovations and ideas. Keeping the need of the hour in mind, Sacred Heart School, Kalyan has introduced Hydroponics as part of the school curriculum. Leading the way in breaking ground through education, the school is the first institution in the world to establish a hi-tech Gen Z Hydroponics lab. Advocating the idea of including Hydroponics in all future urban planning in the country, the school is supporting its students to grow a range of fruits and vegetables including iceberg lettuce, strawberries, holy basil and spinach.  The concept of Hydroponics has been gaining ground internationally for quite some time. It is urgently needed that we, as a nation, include this evolved method of farming in our urban planning. What makes Hydroponics so fascinating is that it is a soil-less farming technique, carried out in a controlled atmosphere with less than 1% wastage of precious resources like water and fertilizers. Such sustainable initiatives are especially necessary at a time when regular farming methods cause 90% of raw material and 30% of transportation and delivery losses. This not only hampers industrial production, but the extensive usage of pesticides in agriculture also has an adverse effect on the health of consumers. With Hydroponics, such in-efficient methods can be avoided for better utilization of resources. Moreover, since it is carried out in a closed atmosphere, model use of pesticides is almost zero percent. Zero transportation costs and cheap solar power are two of the many ways in which Hydroponics becomes an extremely profitable activity. No wonder that this farm-to-dining table model should be adopted across all institutions. The government should incentivize Hydroponics in all future buildings by offering free mandatory F.S.I. in every building plan. This is our chance to opt for smarter urban planning through such innovative initiatives. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/vikram-chandra-discusses-states-concern-over-resumption-of-domestic-flights/video-nUtjhRvCzzKByGLTuzDffN.html</url>
<title>Vikram Chandra discusses states concern over resumption of domestic flights</title>
<body >With concern over the possibility of transmission of virus amid the growing number of Covid+ cases in India, states have raised a red flag over the resumption of domestic flights in India. Maharashtra and West Bengal govts have opposed the move, stating that this could lead to a further spike. Meanwhile, India witnessed another day of spike in Covid positive cases with over 6000 cases reported in one day for the 5th consecutive day. With new cases coming up in Bihar and Karnataka, the growth rate in both the states are in double digits. Uttarakhand, which was so far relatively safe with barely 200 cases, got 54 new cases in the last 24 hours. With increased movement the need for testing, contact tracing and quarantine have become crucial in Indias fight against Covid-19. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/china-s-virus-diplomacy-global-saviour-or-wolf-warrior/story-Qc0Jdc1tEGUoFWHRWhdFzK.html</url>
<title>Chinas virus diplomacy: global saviour or Wolf Warrior?</title>
<body >China has played two roles in the global battle against the coronavirus: a benevolent donor of aid, filling the US void, and combative superpower ready to bite back at critics. Gone are the days of low-profile diplomacy promoted by late leader Deng Xiaoping, who said Beijing should hide your strength, bide your time. Attitudes have changed under President Xi Jinping, who has pushed an increasingly confident policy abroad since taking office in 2012. The country has become even more assertive this year in the face of attacks over its handling of the pandemic, which started on its shores in December. Beijing has sent planeloads of medical equipment abroad, pledged $2 billion in international aid to combat COVID-19 and offered to make its potential vaccine available to all. The strategy is in line with Chinas use of its economic might to win friends on the world stage, with Xis signature Belt and Road global infrastructure programme also expanding its influence abroad. Chinese aid, like other countries, is part of its soft power and also has commercial and political aims, Jocelyn Chey, a former Australian diplomat and visiting professor at the University of Sydney, told AFP. The policy has been successful in Chinas battle for influence with self-ruled Taiwan and in securing support against criticism of its treatment of Muslim minorities in far-western Xinjiang, Chey said. But mixed with its generosity is a new-found readiness to tussle with geopolitical adversaries including the United States, Australia and France. Its a risky PR battle. Wolf Warrior Foreign minister Wang Yi summed up Chinas attitude in a press conference on Sunday. We never pick a fight or bully others, but at the same time, we have principles and guts, he said. We will surely fight back against any malicious slander to defend national honour and dignity. Since last year Beijing has unleashed a pack of Wolf Warrior diplomats who use Twitter to vociferously defend and promote the Communist-led country -- while ignoring the irony that the platform is banned in mainland China. The monicker comes from the title of a blockbuster Chinese film about a Rambo-like special forces soldier who takes on foreign mercenaries. A prominent member of the wolf pack, foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian has raised eyebrows by promoting conspiracy theories that the US army may have brought the virus to China. President Donald Trump has also provided easy fodder for nationalist sentiment in China by calling the pandemic the Chinese virus and pushing ideas that it originated in a lab in the city of Wuhan. Relations between the two countries were already wounded by a bruising trade war, and Wang has warned that some US political forces are pushing them to the brink of a new Cold War. After Trump came to power, China has been unable to evade the repressive policies he has adopted against China and can no longer keep its low profile, Hua Po, a Beijing-based independent political commentator, told AFP. Uphill battle The United States has not been the only target of Beijings ire. In Australia, the Chinese ambassador threatened a consumer boycott of the countrys products after Canberra called for an independent investigation into the origins and spread of the coronavirus. Chinas ambassador to Paris was summoned by the French foreign ministry last month over a message on the embassys website that criticised the Western response to the pandemic. The European Unions foreign policy chief, Josep Borrell, said Monday that the 27-nation bloc must adopt a more robust strategy against the Asian giant. China is getting more powerful and assertive and its rise is impressive and triggers respect, but also many questions and fears, Borrell said in a speech to German ambassadors. Steve Tsang, director of the China Institute at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London, said Beijings foreign policy is driven first by the interests of the ruling Communist Party and its priority to stay in power, especially with the Covid-19 crisis testing faith in authorities. The aggressive propaganda and the wolf-warrior diplomacy have turned many in the West against China, but this is just a price to be paid for a much more important objective of Chinas policy, Tsang said. While it might prove popular at home, winning friends on the international stage could be harder. Zhiqun Zhu, political science professor at Bucknell University in Pennsylvania, said China faces an uphill battle to improve its international image. I dont think China has won the PR battle since Chinas soft power is weak and its narrative is largely shrugged off as official propaganda, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/tv-producers-filmmakers-meet-maharashtra-cm-uddhav-thackeray-discuss-future/story-ozC8seMrWIwhWLBAzSRMAP.html</url>
<title>TV producers, filmmakers meet Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray, discuss  future</title>
<body >Broadcasters and television producers recently had a virtual meeting with Maharashtra Chief Minister Udhav Thackeray to chart out ways for the industry to resume work on a limited scale. Producer JD Majethia  revealed that the CMdoesnt want the work to move out of Maharashtra but wants the industry to put protocols in place and take all necessary  precautions. All shootings and production work has been stalled since a lockdown was announced across India to stem the spread of Covid-19 pandemic. In an interview with Mumbai Mirror, JD Majethia said, He has asked us for a plan to work in studios in areas like FilmCity and several others beyond Dahisar. He doesnt want shooting to move out of Maharashtra and the committee has started identifying floors at studios. He also told the tabloid, We have requested immediate permission to put up monsoon shades and look into fire safety and hygiene. TV industry will resume work before films, given that they have sets standing and shoots can take place in a controlled environment. Its too early to say when shooting will start because new developments are happening every day. But a dialogue has started, which gives us hope that things will start soon. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch Majethia also told Hindustan Times, Our CM has said that shoots can happen in green zones and in places where studios are far from civilisation. He has asked his principal secretary to take charge, make a report and initiate the job to allow monsoon maintenance of sets and post-production work. People have started shooting across the world. We all are aware that this virus is going to co-exist and we will have to work our way out through it. For example, an elaborate wedding scene might be changed to a court marriage or the couple getting married with only the immediate family involved. Some of the measures that the CM wants to be taken to ensure safety of everyone involved are as follows: While work will not be allowed in red zones and heavily populated areas, proper care for regular sanitization of sets and availability of a doctor and an ambulance on stand-by must be taken. The technical crew will also be provided with sanitisers, make-shift wash basins and masks. While post-production work may resume in some time, the shooting is not expected to resume anytime soon. Stressing on the risks involved, actor Dilip Joshi of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah told Hindustan Times, Its going to be difficult and I dont think this is the right time to start shooting. We should wait for another month before taking a call. Despite the idea of having a limited crew, we wouldnt be aware whether people are following the right hygiene. Even if we plan to shoot with a limited cast, it will be a challenge for writers to conceive a scene. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 14:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/pune-news/covid-19-pune-sees-biggest-single-day-rise-with-459-cases/story-UEzd67F4TdSiCSd3U7mnCI.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: Pune sees biggest single-day rise with 459 cases</title>
<body >Pune district in Maharashtra on Monday registered its biggest single-day jump in Covid-19 cases since the outbreak began in March, with 459 people testing positive for novel coronavirus. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage The districts Covid-19 count is now 6,153, with Pune municipal limits accounting for the lions share of 5,247 cases, followed by 383 in Pimpri Chinchwad and 523 in rural and cantonment areas. Of the 459 fresh cases, 388 were in Pune City, 38 in Pimpri Chinchwad and 33 in other parts. Monday also saw eight deaths from the infection, taking the toll to 280 so far, an official said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/how-vivek-oberoi-discovered-kitchen-bird-meditation-during-covid-lockdown/video-G9Ng81bHZc6L6ZiyaCcbDO.html</url>
<title>How Vivek Oberoi discovered kitchen, bird meditation during Covid lockdown</title>
<body >Actor Vivek Oberoi revealed how he has been spending the lockdown induced by the Covid-19 pandemic. During an HT Spotlight webinar, the actor said that he has discovered the kitchen and found cooking for family to be a therapeutic experience. He also said that he accidentally stumbled upon what he calls bird meditation. He also called the lockdown an opportunity to take a break from the usual rushed schedules in life. Watch the full video to know more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/go-to-man-in-crisis-how-suresh-oberoi-handled-a-stroke-refused-stretcher/video-kgne3NCh2oMhkZsnoBCrlK.html</url>
<title>Go-to man in crisis: How Suresh Oberoi handled a stroke, refused stretcher</title>
<body >During an interaction on the HT Spotlight webinar, actor Suresh Oberoi shared his mantra for living a stress-free life, and handling crises without panic. His son, Vivek Oberoi called him a soldier while narrating how the veteran actor reacted to a stroke. Suresh Oberoi said that laughing, meditation, and awareness of ones actions are key to good mental health. Referring to the Covid-19 pandemic, he said that crises come and go, and one must focus on the factors which are within ones control. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/kevin-pietersen-tries-to-troll-virat-kohli-india-captain-gives-epic-reply/story-pLeHQxEMB8NoOcV6fFextO.html</url>
<title>Kevin Pietersen tries to troll Virat Kohli, India captain gives epic reply</title>
<body >Former England cricketer Kevin Pietersen and current India captain Virat Kohli share a great camaraderie. The two cricketers met when Kohli was a youngster, and since then have always got along on great terms. But this does not stop both of them from trying to poke fun at each other on social media. One such moment took place recently on social media when Kohli posted a throwback image of his beard. In response to Kohlis image, Pietersen wrote: Shave your beard off. In reply to the former England batsman, Kohli came up with an epic response and said: @kp24 better than your TikTok videos. View this post on Instagram           Throwback  A post shared by  Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli) on May 24, 2020 at 3:46am PDT Throwback  A post shared by  Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli) on May 24, 2020 at 3:46am PDT It is not the first time the two cricketers have engaged in banter on social media over Kohlis beard. Earlier, the India cricketer had posted a video on Instagram in which he explained the style of his beard. Pietersen was quick to respond: Does it get rid of your grey there buddy? The two cricketers had spoken to each other on Instagram Live in April, in which Kohli laughed over Pietersen being Dhonis first Test wicket. A lot of people told me, I am Dhonis first test wicket. I referred it and I was given not out remember? Pietersen said in the video. Yeah, I know. Look the thing is, MS has a point; it came up on the stump mics and nothing came on the hotspot so he has a point, Kohli said laughing. KP replied, Oh, you stop backing him. The two also joked about the time when Kohli got Pietersen out. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/spanish-cyclist-stranded-in-tripura-leaves-after-two-months/story-URwtENmvYYuOgNA5wmkXaP.html</url>
<title>Spanish cyclist stranded in Tripura leaves after two months</title>
<body >A Spanish woman cyclist stranded in Tripura for more than two months because of Covid-19-related restrictions finally left the state on a special Agartala-Delhi train. After reaching Delhi, Yesenia Herrera Febles plans to catch a flight to Madrid on May 30. Febles, a nurse by profession, entered Tripura from Bangladesh via the Akhaura integrated check post on March 9. She was on a cycle tour of South Asia. She stayed in Agartala for 10 days before travelling to Kanchanpur in the states North district. As she was about to cross the Tripura-Mizoram boundary, a healthcare team sent her back to Agartala for a Covid-19 test. In Agartala, she was kept in a quarantine centre for 14 days and then shifted to another quarantine centre for a fortnight, Febles said. I was allowed to enter the state after screening as I didnt have any flu-like symptoms. But I was surprised because I was sent to two quarantine centres in Agartala where I spent 14 days each, she said. Besides, she also faced problems in communicating with government officials as she speaks only Spanish and English. However, she managed to contact Father Paul Pudussery, in-charge of the Asha centre maintained by Holy Cross and the Missionaries of Charity, and she got food and accommodation free of cost. During her stay in Agartala, she got to know three other cyclists - Clifin J Francis, Haseeb Ahsan and Donna Ann Jacob - who planned to travel to Tokyo for the Olympic Games. Febles and the three other cyclists got involved in social service, including the distribution of food, face masks, hand sanitisers and soap among needy people during their stay in the Asha centre, said Father Paul. The three other cyclists are yet to leave Tripura. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/kerala-snake-bite-murder-police-to-conduct-post-mortem-of-carcasses-of-two-snakes/story-09I89BLHf6R7J2Msi5g5VO.html</url>
<title>Kerala snake bite murder: Police to conduct post-mortem of carcasses of two snakes</title>
<body >Police, investigating the mysterious snake-bite murder of Uthra S (25) in south Keralas Kollam district on May 7, on Tuesday decided to conduct a post-mortem on the carcasses of two snakes, a viper, and a cobra, which had bitten the deceased two months apart, in a bid to collect more scientific evidence. So far, two persons, including the deceaseds husband, Sooraj, and a local snake handler, have been arrested for letting a cobra loose in Uthras room on May 6, which led to her death a day later. The fatal second bite occurred when she was undergoing treatment for the first bite by a viper at her husbands home two months ago. We never came across such a case in the recent past. We have to collect maximum scientific evidence to corroborate the crime. Our preliminary investigation shows that it was a well-planned and executed murder. We have sought veterinary surgeons help for the post-mortem of the two snakes, said S Harishankar, Kollam rural superintendent of police (SP), who is supervising the probe. Circumstantial and scientific evidence would hold the key to crack the case, as there are no direct witnesses in the murder, he added. The cold-blooded murder has shocked many after last years cyanide murders in north Kerala, where a woman allegedly killed six of her family members by serving cyanide-laced food. Many criminologists said the Kollam murder incident is a first of its kind in the state. Earlier, the deceased parents had filed a police complaint alleging that Sooraj and his family members often harassed her for dowry. The couple had got married two years ago and has a one-year son. Her father alleged that he had gifted over 100 sovereigns of gold and a new car to appease her demanding in-laws. The probe revealed that Sooraj had bought a cobra from a snake handler for Rs 10,000. On May 6, he reportedly took the snake to Uthras paternal house in Anchal, where she was undergoing treatment since the first snake bite two months ago. The police said after Uthra fell asleep, Sooraj allegedly took out the snake from the bottle and threw it on her. He remained awake all night to ensure that he could escape unscathed. He left the room in the morning and started reading a newspaper on the verandah. Soon, Uthras mother found her daughter lying unconscious in the bed. She was rushed to a hospital, where doctors said she died of a snake bite. Later, when the room was searched, the family members found a cobra, which was killed by Sooraj. The couple slept in an air-conditioned room and it was difficult to believe that he did not notice the snake before, Uthras parents alleged in their police complaint. The forest department has also filed a case against both the arrested accused of catching and killing a cobra and viper under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. Police said Sooraj plotted the murder to grab her property and marry another woman. An investigating officer said Soorajs parents and other family members would be interrogated soon. Kerala Womens Commission has ordered that Uthras son should be handed over to her parents immediately. State Forest Minister K Raju, who also belongs to Anchal, has congratulated the police team that cracked the case. I know the victims family members. Well ensure justice to them, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 13:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/jaipur/76-more-covid-19-cases-in-rajasthan-state-tally-reaches-7-376/story-SD10bu4ZZ9SLZXBGqHZBSN.html</url>
<title>76 more Covid-19 cases in Rajasthan, state tally reaches 7,376</title>
<body >As many as 76 more Covid-19 cases have been reported from Rajasthan, taking the total number of coronavirus cases in the state to 7,376, said the Rajasthan Health Department on Tuesday. 76 new Covid-19 positive cases reported in the state today; the total number of positive cases in the state now stands at 7,376, said the state Health Department. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage The maximum number of cases have been recorded in Jaipur (16) followed by Udaipur (13), Jhalawar (12), Rajsamand (11), Bikaner (5). It added that 16 patients have recovered in Jalore and Jaisalmer districts on May 25. As of Tuesday morning, there are 3,137 active Covid-19 cases in the state. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/day-after-biggest-single-day-spike-odisha-records-another-79-covid-19-cases/story-EWmqdgUm5ZSYfKLHRg6kJO.html</url>
<title>Day after biggest single-day spike, Odisha records another 79 Covid-19 cases</title>
<body >Odishas health department said on Tuesday that 79 fresh cases of coronavirus disease cases were reported in the last 24 hours, news agencyANI reported. With 79 new Covid-19 positive cases reported today, the total tally of positive cases in the state has risen to 1517,  ANI quoted a statement from the state health department. This comes a day after the state recorded its biggest single-day spike of Covid-19 cases. The number of cases recorded on Monday were 103. Most of the Covid-19 cases were reported from Deogarh district, followed by Kendrapara at 15, Jagatsinghpura at 10 and eight from Bhadrak districts. It also reported the highest number of 99 patients recovering from the highly-infectious disease on the day, taking the total number of persons cured from Covid-19 in the state to 649. The recovery rate from the disease now stands at 45.13 per cent in Odisha, while the percentage of positive cases is 1.12, news agency PTI quoted an official in the Health and Family Welfare department as saying. PTI further reported that a suspected coronavirus patient died during treatment at hospital in Bhawanipatna. THe 35-year-old belonged to Kalahandi district and had recently returned from Tamil Nadu. The man was put on ventilator support as he had breathing problems, doctors said. So far, 28 of the states 30 districts have reported Covid-19 cases. Earlier, 102 positive cases were reported on May 18 and 101 on May 12. Of the total cases in Odisha, 861 are active while 649 people have recovered from the disease and seven have died, the official said. Ganjam district, which reported the return of the highest number of migrant workers from other states, continues to head the list of Covid-19 cases in the state with 353, followed by Jajpur (240), Balasore (133), Bhadrak (106), Khurda (82), Puri (81), Cuttack (59) and Kendrapara (55). </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ott-platforms-have-given-a-new-lease-of-life-to-actors-athiya-shetty/story-kZ8zC4EBNfzNacFJCyhooI.html</url>
<title>OTT platforms have given a new lease of life to actors: Athiya Shetty</title>
<body >Athiya Shetty believes that the direct-to-digital releases, a move by producers to release their films on OTT platforms, is a good practice for more reasons than one. So many big films and big actors have taken to these platforms and hence, it kills the stigma attached to them. Its just another way of taking your films to an audience and its amazing, she says. She opines that cinema-viewing and content-consuming patterns witnessed a change way before the lockdown. Cinema viewing experience has been changing and will change in the future as well not only due to the lockdown but also because of the kind of content that OTT platforms are coming up with. But I also believe that going to the theatres is something that can never be replaced. Once weve a vaccine, everything will go back to normal, she shares. The actor asserts that digital streaming services have given a new lease of life to actors like her. She says, Now that people have time, theyve been watching my film, Motichoor Chaknachoor (2019) and Ive received so many positive responses from them on my social media. Sometimes a film might not do well in the theatres but you get appreciated once it starts streaming digitally. Does she believe that shoot structures will also change once shooting resumes? Weve had so many set ways of shooting and functioning during outdoor schedules or even for an eight-to-eight shift. Things will definitely be different henceforth. There will be a lot of security measures and well have to be way more cautious, says Shetty. She confides that she misses working and she cant wait to go back to a set. I miss the hustle, my team and being before the camera. Ive watched so many different movies and shows during the lockdown that I miss shooting even more now. Im so eager to go out there and read scripts that challenge me as actor. Im hope that things will get better and Ill be able to go back to a set very soon, she signs off. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/coronavirus-lockdown-ludhiana-police-launch-exercise-module-for-police-personnel-working-on-frontline/story-gaTZYmZDWJkTSHdG9Au20O.html</url>
<title>Coronavirus lockdown: Ludhiana police launch exercise module for cops on frontline</title>
<body >Ludhiana police with the help of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) doctors have made an exercise module for the police personnel on field duty during the coronavirus lockdown. As per the police officials, some of the police personnel have complained of body aches and pain in neck and joints. With the help of the new module, they can do exercise two to three times a day to relax their muscles while performing their duty. Dr Shekhar Singhal and Dr Ajay Kumar have made a three-minute exercise module for the same. DUTY HOURS STRETCHED Ghumar Mandi police post in-charge sub-inspector Kulbir Singh said, Amid the lockdown, our duty hours have been stretched. We are performing duty for 12-13 hours daily due to which we are facing physical problems, including body aches and pain in neck, joints and back. Despite these problems, we cannot ignore our duty. Dr Shekhar Singhal said they are giving demonstration of the brief workout to the police personnel on frontline duty. The exercises include stretching of neck, leg muscles and patting self on the lower back, he said. Deputy commissioner of police (headquarters) Akhil Chaudhary said the department has already launched a physiology helpline and a mobile medical unit for the police personnel. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 00:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/covid-19-will-not-deter-the-festive-spirit-of-eid-mukhtar-abbas-naqvivideo/video-irRK83sUP1SBf4UpPps8vM.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 will not deter the festive spirit of Eid: Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi</title>
<body >Union Minister of Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said that this time Eid-ul-Fitr would be unique due to COVID-19 pandemic but it would not deter the festive spirit. For the first time, I will perform Eids namaz at home. People observed Ramzan at home amid covid-19 challenges. We will pray that the country gets rid of the virus at the earliest, said Naqvi. Watch the video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/-indians-leaving-san-francisco-thank-govt-praise-vande-bharat-missionvideo/video-Q0U3Kufzn7S6peF8y0AOAN.html</url>
<title>Watch: Indians leaving San Francisco thank govt, praise Vande Bharat Mission</title>
<body >Indian nationals leaving San Francisco thanked the government of India and praised Vande Bharat Mission initiative. In a video message, one passenger thanked the Consulate of India and Air India for evacuating them from the US. Stranded Indian nationals across the globe are being brought back to their home country under Centres Vande Bharat Mission. Watch the full video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/watch-david-warner-s-disappearing-act-will-leave-you-puzzled/story-KGJfU8JlbrXScciQ4RTILJ.html</url>
<title>Watch: David Warners disappearing act will leave you puzzled</title>
<body >David Warner has created quite the stir on social media with his TikTok videos but his latest post takes the cake hands down. Warner, who is stuck at home amid the lockdown imposed due to the Covid-19 pandemic has come up with a disappearing act in his most recent post on Instagram, where the Australia opener promises to leave you puzzled as he vanishes in thin air. Shadow batting and then you hear the wife and kids are home, see ya later guys, Warner captioned his post. Dont believe us? Watch it yourself.         View this post on Instagram           Shadow batting and then you hear the wife and kids are home see ya later guys. #magicbat #fun #challenge @urstrulymahesh A post shared by  David Warner (@davidwarner31) on May 24, 2020 at 9:51pm PDT Shadow batting and then you hear the wife and kids are home see ya later guys. #magicbat #fun #challenge @urstrulymahesh A post shared by  David Warner (@davidwarner31) on May 24, 2020 at 9:51pm PDT Warners video has as expected taken the social media by storm. So far, the post has been viewed almost 10,00,000 times as on Monday evening and received almost 3,00,000 likes. Warners videos have become quite the rage and thanks to these posts, his numbers of followers have skyrocketed to over three million users. Warner has been all over social media during this period of lockdown. From posting videos of shadow practicing to dancing on Bollywood numbers with his wife and daughter to even putting up a cloth swapping filter, the Australia opener is keeping his fans engaged with his hilarious videos. Clearly, Warner is done shadow practicing and hopes that at some point this year, the IPL takes place, a tournament where he will captain 2016 winner Sunrisers Hyderabad. In February, Warner was reinstated as the captain of the side, two years after stepping down from the post because of his international ban for ball tampering. He returned to cricket last year but New Zealands Kane Williamson was retained as captain. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 21:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/suspected-spy-pigeon-from-pakistan-carrying-coded-message-captured-in-jammu-and-kashmir/story-MOUUlWNV8yspRbWCgBSpcN.html</url>
<title>Suspected spy pigeon from Pakistan carrying coded message captured in Jammu and Kashmir</title>
<body >A pigeon, suspected to be trained in Pakistan for spying, was captured along the International Border (IB) in Kathua district of Jammu and Kashmir, officials said on Monday. They said the pigeon, carrying a coded message, was captured by residents of Manyari village in Hiranagar sector soon after it flew into this side from Pakistan. Security agencies concerned are working to decipher the coded message, the officials said. The villagers handed over the pigeon (to the local police station) yesterday. A ring was seen attached to one of its legs with some numbers on it and a probe is on, Senior Superintendent of Police of Kathua Shailendra Mishra said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/chhattisgarh-quarantine-centres-in-bad-shape-says-opposition/story-o3Kdp9SsQ0KS7EOeo0VhwO.html</url>
<title>Chhattisgarh: Quarantine centres in bad shape, says Opposition</title>
<body >Chhattisgarhs main opposition, the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP), has alleged that the Bhupesh Baghel-led Congress government is responsible for the rampant mismanagement of state-run quarantine centres for coronavirus disease (Covid-19) patients, which have led to several deaths. The BJP has demanded that the state government set up an online monitoring mechanism of the quarantine centres. Click here for full Covid-19 The Leader of Opposition in the Chhattisgarh legislative assembly, Dharamlal Kaushik, has alleged that widespread chaos has been reported from numerous quarantine centres and several deaths have also occurred in these facilities, as the state government is callous about the looming crisis. These centres are in dire need of security. But the state government is not releasing the funds, which it has received from the Centre, to panchayats and urban bodies for the upkeep of these centres, he alleged. State health minister Tribhuvaneshwar Saran Singh Deo rubbished Kaushiks allegations and cited that deaths that occurred at these quarantine centres are all on record. He listed deaths were reported from quarantine centres in Mungeli, Balod, Balrampur and Bemtera districts, but none are them is related to Covid-19. Kaushik rattled off instances to bolster his argument. On May 14, a 27-year-old committed suicide at a quarantine centre in Sarangarh and another youth, too, took his life at a similar facility in Balod district four days later. A teacher died on duty at a quarantine centre in Balrampur on May 19 and another youth also passed away on the same day in Bemtara district. These incidents show that the state government is not taking the occurrence of deaths at the quarantine centres seriously, he alleged. The BJP leader alleged that these quarantine centres lack basic amenities. Its a torture for the stranded migrant workers, who have returned to their home state, and are lodged there. Theyre all eager to run away from these centres, he further alleged. Kaushik also blamed the state government for an inadequate number of kits to conduct Covid-19 tests. All the migrant workers, who have come back to Chhattisgarh, havent been tested yet. Theyre living in these quarantine centres and spreading SARS-CoV-2, which causes Covid-19, among their fellow inmates, he alleged. Singh Deo said its an uphill task to manage four lakh migrant workers, who are lodged at quarantine centres located in rural areas. The state government is doing its best. I cant claim that all is well. But at least up to 95% of these quarantine centres are functioning properly. Besides, none of the deaths that have been reported from these quarantine centres is related to Covid-19. Eight people were tested after they passed away, but all of them tested Covid-19 negative, he added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/family-claims-briton-unlawfully-arrested-in-bhopal-police-say-he-violated-lockdown-norms/story-cOG5IFRveRirWknXYW25EO.html</url>
<title>Family claims Briton unlawfully arrested in Bhopal, police say he violated lockdown norms</title>
<body >A British woman has accused Madhya Pradesh Police of unlawfully arresting her 29-year-old brother Sohail Hughes. As per report in British daily The Guardian, Hughes lives in Dewsbury in the United Kingdom, and had flown to India in February with the intention of returning on May 13. Sohail Hughes, 29, had been on an extended holiday to visit family in the Gujarat region before undertaking a pilgrimage of mosques when he was detained last month, his sister Aatika told The Guardian. He was forced to take refuge in a mosque in Bhopal after being caught out by the swiftly implemented lockdown laws requiring people to stay off the streets. Sohail, alongside dozens of other men, had his passport seized before being kept in quarantine for more than a month inside a hostel, Aatika, 35, futher said. The incident prompted Rajya Sabha member and Congress leader Vivek Tankha to write to Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to withdraw charges and release the man. The family, the British government and the British media complain that a British national has been detained for spreading Covid-19 and violating visa regulations after being caught in the mosque with other people when in fact, he has been repeatedly tested negative for Covid-19, Tankha said in the letter, a copy of which he attached with his Twitter post on Monday. @guardian leading news daily of UK quoting Sohail Hughes Fmy describes his arrest  detention by bhopal police unlawful. He was a causal visitor with no covid + infection. Brit High Com seeks consular access. Bail application rejected. MEAs briefed. In bhopal jail. 1/2 pic.twitter.com/5gI6xuxUIZ Vivek Tankha (@VTankha) May 25, 2020 @guardian leading news daily of UK quoting Sohail Hughes Fmy describes his arrest  detention by bhopal police unlawful. He was a causal visitor with no covid + infection. Brit High Com seeks consular access. Bail application rejected. MEAs briefed. In bhopal jail. 1/2 pic.twitter.com/5gI6xuxUIZ Am truly distressed with story of Sohails arrest. I have appealed to state CM and director general police MP to withdraw the FIR  seek closure of the case. Such arrests  investigations are a blot on our criminal justice system, Tankha said. Additional director general (ADG) of police at Bhopal Upendra Jain said, When we came to know about people in Nizamuddin markaz were found Covid-19 positive and many others who stayed with them visited different parts of the country, we searched all the mosques in Bhopal that led to detention of members of 32 jamaats including seven foreign jamaats. Each of jamaats had about 14 to 15 members. In all, 74 foreign nationals and a few other Indians with each of the jammats who accompanied them were detained. He said, Sohail Hughes was staying in a mosque at Ahata Rustam Khan at Shyamala Hills with another Briton and 12 others from the Ivory Coast. As per our investigation, he was a part of a jamaat and staying in the mosque. He was preaching his religion which was a violation of tourist visa conditions. All of them were detained and later booked for violation of tourist visa as well as under sections 188 (violation of order promulgated by government), 269 (negligently doing any act known to be likely to spread infection of any disease dangerous to life) and 270 (Malignantly doing any act known to be likely to spread any disease dangerous to life) of Indian Penal Code (IPC), Jain further said. The police officer said that these people were produced before a local court on May 15 which sent them to jail under judicial custody for 14 days. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bengaluru/14-649-migrants-leave-karnataka-in-10-special-trains/story-4SXsoTt9MX9rwZdHMvti7O.html</url>
<title>14,649 migrants leave Karnataka in 10 special trains</title>
<body >In all, 14,649 migrants left Karnataka in 10 Shramik special trains to their native places in northern, eastern and north-eastern states, an official said on Monday. With 14,699 passengers leaving today (Monday), 230,616 migrants have been sent from across Karnataka in 162 Shramik trains to their home states in north and north-eastern regions of the country since May 3, a South Western Railway (SWR) official told IANS here. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage The first train left Hubballi in the states northwest region to Darbhanga in Bihar at 12 noon with 1,532 passengers, including migrants, stranded students, pilgrims, tourists, women and children. The remaining 9 trains left from Bengaluru, with second leaving Bengalore Cantonment (Cantt) to Muzzafarpur in Bihar at 1.50  pm with 1,599 passengers. Third train left Bengaluru Cantt to Bhagalpur in Bihar at 5.30  pm with 1,502 passengers. Fourth train left Bengaluru city to Balasore in Odisha at 6.17  pm with 1,600 passengers. Fifth train left Bengaluru Cantt to Saharsa in Bihar at 7.05  pm with 1,600 passengers. Sixth train left Bengaluru city to Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh at 7.35  pm with 1,200 passengers. Seventh train left Bengaluru Cantt to Hajipur in Bihar at 8.45  pm with 1,200 passengers. Eighth train left Bengaluru city to Bairabi in Mizoram at 9  pm with 1,456 passengers. Ninth train left Bengaluru Cantt to Araria in Bihar at 10.37  pm with 1,506 passengers. Tenth train left Bengaluru city to Bokaro steel city in Jharkhand at 11.09  pm with 1,454 passengers. All the passengers were asymptomatic when screened after they registered their names with details on the Karnataka governments Seva Sindu portal and informed their states for receiving and sending them to their native place, said the official. The zonal railways is also supplied three meals to the migrants in the train, with each food packet containing rice bath, 4 chapati with pickle, 2 oranges, 2 one litre water bottle, 2 roti with sabji, 1 pack rice bath, 1 kara bun, 1 sweet bun. NGOs (non-government organizations) like Wipros Azim Premji Foundation and Merch Mission are coordinating food supply with the state labour department, the official added. Care is being taken to ensure social distancing, wearing of mask and sanitising of hands. Regular announcements were made to caution passengers against the spread of Covid-19 virus before departure from Bengaluru, and Hubballi. Hand sanitizer and liquid soap has been provided in all coaches to protect the migrants from the virus. The Railway Protection Force (RPF) is escorting the trains and ensuring social distancing. (The story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed. ) </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/rejected-by-several-hospitals-73-yr-old-woman-recovers-from-covid-19-in-mumbaivideo/video-Bp7yCXbO7kPnV4th3cJYNP.html</url>
<title>Rejected by several hospitals, 73-yr-old woman recovers from covid-19 in Mumbai</title>
<body >73-year-old woman from Mumbai returned home after recovering from covid-19. Dr Nehal Khan, Director, DNA Multispecialty Hospital, informed that the woman was rejected by several hospitals. He said, When she came to us, her oxygen level was below 70%. The woman has recovered and is in home quarantine. Khan also said that age is a factor but comorbidities determine the rate of recovery. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/bhai-bhai-salman-khan-bats-for-hindi-muslim-brotherhood-in-special-eid-song-watch/story-ubk7caukzVKGZ7H5qNAvgI.html</url>
<title>Bhai Bhai: Salman Khan bats for Hindi-Muslim brotherhood in special Eid song. Watch</title>
<body >Salman Khan has released an Eid 2020 blockbuster for fans, after all. Since the lockdown prevented him from releasing his film Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai as earlier planned, the superstar has gone ahead and released a brand new song, titled Bhai bhai. The song, sung by Salman himself, is the actors gift to his fans on the occasion of Eid, which was on Monday. The peppy track talks of communal harmony. It has been composed by music composer duo Sajid-Wajid while the lyrics have been penned by Salman Khan and Danish Sabri, and the rap portion written by Ruhaan Arshad. This is the third song that Salman has released during the lockdown after Pyar karona and Tere bina. Watch: Bhai Bhai here Maine aap subb ke liye kuch banaya hai, dekh ke batana kaisa laga... Aap subb ko eid mubarakh (I have created something for you, see how you like it... Wishing all of you Eid mubarak)... #BhaiBhai, tweeted Salman Khan on Monday evening. The actor also shared: May all of us be blessed with the strength to deal with the pandemic this year. Since we couldnt release our film this Eid, I have worked on a very special song for all my wonderful fans. It is called Bhai bhai as it celebrates the spirit of brotherhood and unity. Eid is the best day to release this as it is also the festival that brings people close to each other. I hope people enjoy the song as much as I did while making it for them. Also read: Karan Johar confirms 2 members of his household staff have tested positive for Covid-19, says he and his family are safe On Eid this year, Salman couldnt keep his box office date with fans by releasing a new film as he does every year. He was scheduled to release Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai, co-starring Disha Parani and directed by Prabhudheva this week. The film promises to be a heavy-duty action entertainer. Coming back to Bhai bhai, the video of the song has been shot with minimal crew and resources at the actors farmhouse in Panvel, where he has been spending the lockdown days with a few family members and friends. (With HT inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/travel/travel-in-times-of-covid-19-i-took-one-of-india-s-first-flights-in-months-it-was-surreal/story-08H71ptWm4VTh7brsGG8VK.html</url>
<title>Travel in times of Covid-19: I took one of Indias first flights in months. It was surreal</title>
<body >As I checked in for one of the first flights in India in two months, the baggage-tag dispenser spat out five boarding passes for me. Given the morning Id had, this latest glitch wasnt much of a surprise. Id received a call around 1 a.m. from IndiGo to say my flight from New Delhi to Mumbai was canceled. Thats it. No explanation. Turns out it was one of at least 80 flights canceled from the Indian capital on Monday, the day flights in the country were supposed to resume. Nobody I spoke to seemed to know what was happening, who needed to go into quarantine, or if planes would even be allowed to land at their destination. People were unsure if their tickets were of any use at all. I had to come up with another plan to get to Mumbai and then on to see my family for the first time in two months. We had suddenly found ourselves stranded apart because of the nationwide lockdown. Id booked my ticket the moment rules were relaxed to allow some domestic flights. From Mumbai, I planned to travel to a village where my kids have been staying with their grandparents and my husband since the government abruptly ordered everyone not to leave wherever they were in late March because of the coronavirus. Some confusion was inevitable given how the Indian government abruptly announced last week that domestic flights would resume in a matter of days. Its not the first time Prime Minister Narendra Modi has shocked the system with sudden decrees, including imposing the lockdown with just a few hours notice in March. Another example: the surprise removal of high-value banknotes from circulation in 2016. Airlines were only alerted to the plan to restart flights five days ago, giving them little time to arrange matters like staff deployment and protective gear. And some states issued their own directives: Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal extended flight bans, while Assam and Karnataka require arrivals to undergo two weeks of quarantine. The whole thing has happened in a very messy fashion, Sudhakar Reddy, president of Air Passengers Association of India, said in an interview on Bloomberg Television. They seem to have not consulted the states. So each state has come up with different regulations, and many flights were canceled early morning today. The central government didnt comment on the reopening on Monday, though Aviation Minister Hardeep Singh Puri said on Twitter late Sunday night that thered been hard negotiations with state governments. India has nearly 140,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus infections and over 4,000 deaths. After my IndiGo flight was canceled, I considered booking a ticket for another day and then taking a car to the village. You need a government permit for that, with details on the driver and vehicle. The permit is only valid for one day, so Id have to do the red-tape rigmarole all over again. No thanks. Taking the train wasnt really a viable option either given health and safety concerns. Thankfully, I managed to buy a ticket on Vistara, the local affiliate of Singapore Airlines Ltd., for another flight on Monday. Going through security, you hold your boarding pass to a screen and a guard looks at it from the other side. At this point, you need to lift your mask so your identity can be verified. An attendant stood nearby, dressed in a full hazmat suit. Delhis airport, operated by GMR Infrastructure Ltd., seemed well-equipped and shops and cafes were open. There were some problems, including the overzealous baggage-tag dispenser. There was another issue at check-in, as I needed to pay for five kilograms of excess baggage, but the airline wouldnt take cash or credit cards. To transfer the money, I had to download a government payment app, which has been beset by privacy concerns. We boarded on time and were all given face shields. The cabin crew wore full protective gear. Im usually a relaxed flier, but my nerves were jangling. The flight was virtually empty, with just 22 passengers aboard an Airbus SE A320neo jet that can seat more than 150. At least I had an entire row to myself -- some good news at last. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed. ) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/what-sort-of-friendship-is-this-pakistan-spinner-danish-kaneria-slams-shahid-afridi-supports-harbhajan-and-yuvraj-singh/story-RvaL9ZBDfUh7qjEAAbGfLP.html</url>
<title>What sort of friendship is this: Pakistan spinner Danish Kaneria slams Shahid Afridi for speech in PoK</title>
<body >Pakistan leg-spinner Danish Kaneria has come in support of India cricketers Gautam Gambhir, Harbhajan Singh, Yuvraj Singh and Suresh Raina. Kaneria lashed out at former Pakistan captain Shahid Afirid for his speech against India in which he targeted the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently during his visit to Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK). Kaneria who is serving a life-ban for his involvement in spot-fixing in Englands County cricket said Afridi should think before he speaks. Shahid Afridi should think before speaking on any matter. If he wants to join politics then he should quit all ties with cricket. It is important to stay away from cricket if you are speaking like a politician. Speeches like these create a negative image of Pakistan cricket not only in India but also around the world, Kaneria told India TV. Also Read |Please not against Australia, do it vs Pak, WI: Lees request for India opener The leg-spinner, who has represented Pakistan in 61 Tests and 18 ODIs picking 261 and 15 wickets respectively, said at one hand Afridi took the help of Indian cricketers Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan Singh but on the other, he ended up saying poisonous things about their country and their PM. He appealed for help from them and after getting the help you end up saying things about their country and PM. What sort of friendship is this? questioned Kaneria. It all started when Afridi made controversial remarks against India and Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his recent visit to Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK). Also Read | Never thought Id see an Indian pacer execute nine out of 10 yorkers Former India cricketers Gautam Gambhir, Yuvraj Singh and current cricketers Harbhajan Singh and Suresh Raina had slammed Afridi for his statement. Kaneria, who only the second Hindu cricketer after his uncle to play for Pakistan, however, sounded positive about the return of bilateral cricketing ties between India and Pakistan. Cricketing ties between the two countries should resume. India and Pakistan have some political tension between them, which the government of both countries should resolve with dialogue so that cricket can return. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 15:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/aiims-sanitation-supervisor-dies-due-to-covid-19/story-AKxCXjNkpo6jdYPDkpaw4L.html</url>
<title>AIIMS sanitation supervisor dies due to Covid-19</title>
<body >A 58-year-old sanitation supervisor at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), who had tested positive for the novel coronavirus, has died, sources said. He was on ventilator and succumbed to the infection on Sunday around 7.30 pm. He was a permanent employee of AIIMS and was posted at the premier medical institutes outdoor patient department, they said. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage Another corona warrior sacrifices his life in service of the country, Dr Srinivas Rajkumar T, general secretary, AIIMS Resident Doctors Association, tweeted with the hashtag IndiaFightsCovid19. AIIMS has lost its proud warrior. The virus is dangerous, very communicable and doesnt spare anyone, he said. Kuldeep Dhigan, general secretary, AIIMS SC/ST Employees Welfare Association, alleged that the supervisor had developed fever and mild respiratory discomfort following which he got himself examined at the AIIMS on May16. As his case did not fulfil the criteria for testing, he was not tested for Covid-19. He underwent routine blood tests, was counselled and briefed about the precautions to be taken and sent back home, he alleged. Due to sudden worsening of symptoms, the supervisor was taken to the Emergency on May19, Dhigan claimed.   He had breathing difficulties and was hospitalised. He was then tested for Covid-19 and the results came out to be positive, he said. The sanitation supervisor was then shifted to the Trauma Centre, which has been converted into a dedicated Covid-19 hospital, he said. All frontline workers like us who have high risk of exposure due to handling of hazardous biomedical waste during the cleaning process should be tested even at slightest suspicion, Dhigan said. Srinivas remarked that the threshold for testing should be further lowered for individuals working in high risk locations like hospitals and those who may suffer inadvertent exposure to the virus despite taking adequate precautions like surveillance staff and police personnel. We are going to have a high level meeting with the director tomorrow discuss issues pertaining to the safety of healthcare workers at the institute, he said. Last week, a mess worker at the AIIMS from RPC canteen succumbed to Covid-19. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/after-uddhav-thackeray-sharad-pawar-meeting-sena-says-govt-is-strong/story-iRezLlBmUq2ZZdJPK0vGpM.html</url>
<title>After Uddhav Thackeray, Sharad Pawar meeting, Sena says govt is strong</title>
<body >Maharashtra chief minister Uddhav Thackeray held a meeting with NCP president Sharad Pawar here, senior Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut said on Tuesday while asserting that the state government is strong. The two leaders met for about one-and-a-half hours late Monday evening, Raut said while dismissing speculations about the Thackeray-led governments stability. The Sena Rajya Sabha MP, however, did not reveal what transpired between the two leaders. The meeting between Thackeray and Pawar took place after the NCP chief met state Governor B S Koshyari on Monday morning. NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Chief minister Uddhav Thackeray had a meeting for one-and-a-half hours. Those doubting about the stability of this government are doing so out of their own grudge. This government is strong, Raut tweeted in Marathi. Earlier, Pawar met Koshyari on Monday morning, following which the NCP claimed the meeting took place on the invitation of the governor and no political issues came up for discussion. However, the timing of the meeting is significant as it took place against the backdrop of strained relations between the Shiv Sena, which heads the Maharashtra Vikas Aghadi (MVA) government, and the Raj Bhavan. The NCP is one of the key constituents of MVA. Pawar was one of the key leaders from Maharashtra who had openly complained about Koshyaris intervention in the functioning of the state administration. Recently, senior BJP leader and former state chief minister Devendra Fadnavis complained to the governor about the failure of the Thackeray government in handling the Covid-19 crisis. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/centre-allows-domestic-air-services-by-non-scheduled-private-operators/story-QCReHxrflw3HHPAG8RBaIL.html</url>
<title>Centre allows domestic air services by non-scheduled, private operators</title>
<body >The Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) on Monday said that domestic air services by non-scheduled and private operators including fixed-wing, helicopters and microlight aircraft shall resume with effect from May 25. The government has decided for recommencement of domestic air travel by passengers with effect from May 25, which includes domestic air services by non-scheduled and Private (General Aviation) operators (Fixed Wing/Helicopters/Microlight aircraft), read the Ministrys directive. In view of the need for precautionary measures to be taken by various stakeholders during COVID-19 pandemic, detailed general instructions; guidelines to be followed by passengers; and specific operating guidelines for major stakeholders (airlines, airport operators, ground handling agencies, etc) have already been issued by Ministry of Civil Aviation vide order dated May 21, it added. Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Singh Puri said that 532 flights operated on Monday, the first day of resumption of domestic flights after suspension in the wake of lockdown. He said 39,231 passengers travelled by the flights and the number would increase further with the resumption of operations in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal. The domestic flights were suspended in March due to lockdown imposed to contain the spread of coronavirus. The country is in the fourth phase of lockdown which will continue till May 31. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/despite-bumper-crop-prices-of-farm-produce-lowest-in-recent-years-due-to-lockdown/story-C7b3Btu1TzGsWQWjtRtJfK.html</url>
<title>Despite bumper crop, prices of farm produce lowest in recent years due to Covid-19 lockdown</title>
<body >A kilogram of farm fresh cherry was sold at Rs 30 at Shimla wholesale market in Himachal Pradesh. The fruit of the season, Mango, was Rs 25 per kilogram at Saharanpur market in Uttar Pradesh. Tomato was selling at Rs 10 per kilogram at Siliguri (West Bengal) and onion at Rs 10 in Neemuch (Madhya Pradesh). These are the prices of vegetables and fruits in some of the wholesale markets in India in the past one week, which experts said showed a fall in the prices of non-minimum support price (MSP) farm produce. The low prices are expected to continue for some more time and experts dont expect revival in prices of these horticulture produce in the coming few months. The demand is at its rock bottom, said Devendra Sharma, a Chandigarh-based independent farm expert. The biggest consumer of the perishable products is the hospitality industry, other than individuals. There are no signs of the industry opening soon. And, when it opens, there would not be many customers. So, I dont expect the demand to improve dramatically in the coming months, he said. Agricultural economist in Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology, KK Sarangi, said demand for vegetables has gone down in the lockdown period as the bulk demand is not there. Even households are not buying in huge quantities because of the infection fear. And, there are not much signs of prices reviving soon enough to last years level, he said. India this summer has seen record production of fruits and vegetables due to above normal monsoon last year and good winter rainfall. The agriculture ministrys advance horticulture produce estimate, which includes main fruits and vegetables, was 313.5 million tonne for 2020 season, highest in the past five years. The new horticulture crops start arriving in markets from March end. However, this year, a nationwide lockdown was imposed around the same time to check the spread of coronavirus disease, bringing entire country to a grinding halt. Restrictions were imposed on movement of trucks carrying non-essential goods. It created problems for farmers to take their produce to the markets. As the government eased transportation norms, some big vegetable wholesale markets, including Asias biggest fruit and vegetable market at Azadpur in New Delhi and Koyambedu in Chennai, were closed as they became Covid-19 hotspots. Nobody (truckers) is willing to take my cherry produce to Delhi or Chandigarh, said Surinder Singh Bragta, after selling his best quality cherry produce for Rs 30 a kilogram at Shimlas wholesale fruit market. Last year, I sold similar quality cherry for Rs 100 a kilogram in Chandigarh. I dont know what will happen to pears and apples which could be harvested in the new few months. Commission agents are saying this would be worst year for fruits as demand is low. More than 2,000 kilometres away in Neemuch, Tarun Baheti, a vegetable farmer, said there are no buyers in the market, other than the local ones. After so many years, we had a good crop of vegetables. But, no one is willing to give the right price, he said, blaming Covid-19 lockdown for crashing of the perishable goods market. Due to lockdown restrictions, were cannot take produce to bigger markets. Vegetables like Lady finger, bottle gourd and sponge gourd used to be sold Rs 40 to Rs 50 per kg in this season but now the rate has come down to about Rs 15 per kg in the wholesale market. Pumpkin is being sold at Rs 5 to Rs 10 per kg, he said. In Uttar Pradeshs Barabanki district, Padma Shree awardee farmer Ram Saran Verma said this year he saw empty wholesale markets in a good harvest season. There are no buyers. Even the cost to transport the produce to market is not being recovered, he said. Another Barabanki farmer, Dinesh Rawat, said he has lost Rs one lakh in May alone as he was not able to send his cucumber produce to Lucknow, Sultanpur and Agra. I had to sell it at a local mandi for whatever price it fetched, he said. From some states such as Bihar, Odisha and Uttar Pradesh, there are reports of farmers throwing away their produce. Verma said most farmers have lost money this year and have either thrown away the produce or given it to cattle. This year we left the produce in the field itself as there is no point in selling ladyfinger for Rs 2 per kg, said Bechan Yadav, a farmer in rural area of Patna. Mritunjay Kumar, a farmer of Sohsarai in Nalanda district, said the cost of transporting vegetables to market is more than the selling price. It is better to give vegetables to cattle, at least they will get some nutrition, he said. In Odishas Dhenkanal district, pumpkin harvest is rotting in farms due to absence of market access as well as lower demand. Manas Barik, who had harvested 3 tonnes of pumpkins on his five-acre land in Dhenkanal found no takers. The traders want us to sell pumpkin at Rs 5 a kg. It does not cover even transport cost, Barik said. The distress is visible in the wholesale markets, too. In Gaddiannaram fruit market at Kothapet in Hyderabad, Telanganas largest fruit and vegetable wholesale market, the prices are lowest in the recent years. For the last four years, the price of mangoes was between Rs 60,000 to Rs 1.20 lakh per tonne depending on the variety. This year, it is Rs 20,000 to Rs 30,000 per tonne, said Telangana Fruit Merchants Association president Ashok Kumar. He said the prices of sweat lime (Mosambi) have come down from Rs 50,000 a tonne to less than Rs 20,000 a tonne. There is essentially no demand, Kumar said, adding a large number of farmers were could not even recover the transport cost. At Siliguri, north Bengals biggest town, price of tomato on Sunday ranged between Rs 10 to 15 a kg, down from Rs 30-40 per kilogram before the lockdown came into force on March 24. In 2018, the price was around Rs 25 a kg while in 2019 it was around Rs 30, said a district agriculture officer. Ranjeet Singh, a commission agent at Delhis Azadpur market, said that only 20% of the buyers at turning up at the make-shift selling yard. The prices have dipped by 70% to 80%, Singh said. Dilshad Ahmed, a vegetable vendor in Lucknow claimed that the people were getting better quality produce at a lower price as farmers use to send their best produce directly to multi-brand retailer. Due to lockdown farmers have been forced to sell their produce in markets, he said. President of Neemuch Market vegetable sellers union, Hari Om, said, Except potato, ginger and green chilli, prices of all other fruits and vegetables have fallen. Even people are not buying fruits and vegetables as they used to do earlier. Patna district agriculture officer, Rakesh Ranjan, said the price of veggies might increase once the lockdown is fully lifted. We hope that the farmer may start getting decent price from August onwards, he said. Karnataka Horticulture Producers Co-operative Marketing and Processing Society (HOPCOMS) officials claimed that the prices have recovered in the past one week with easing of lockdown norms. Prices of vegetables like onion, potato and others are more staple than the easier perishables such as greens, beans, tomato, capsicum, cucumber which wilt in the summer sun, said an HOPCOMS official, who was not willing to be named. (With inputs from state bureaus) </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/covid-update-pms-call-to-sri-lanka-mauritius-sikkims-1st-case-rise-in-cybercrime-video/video-eri3zVz9EPxWcvSqB9rDsL.html</url>
<title>Covid update: PMs call to Sri Lanka, Mauritius; Sikkims 1st case; rise in cybercrime</title>
<body >From an additional trains announcement for migrants to the first case in Sikkim, here are the top ten updates on the coronavirus pandemic. Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri said international flights will resume soon as domestic flights are scheduled to operate from May 25. More 2,600 trains were added by Railways to transport migrants from various parts of the country. Meanwhile, PM Modi spoke to Sri Lankan President Gotabaya Rajapaksa and Mauritius Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth to discuss the situation arising out of the Covid-19 pandemic. Also, Sikkim reported its first Covid-19 case. Watch the full video for more details on Covid-19. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/couple-who-returned-from-west-bengal-test-positive-yet-no-change-in-ludhiana-s-tally/story-WhHqThELxKpAv0BidyccMK.html</url>
<title>Couple who returned from West Bengal test positive, yet no change in Ludhianas tally</title>
<body >After two-day respite, two fresh Covid-19 cases were reported in Ludhiana on Monday evening. The infected patients are a couple-- a 37-year-old male and his 27- year-old wife. According to health department sources, the couple along with their 65-year-old mother and 24-year-old nephew had returned to Khanpur village in Dehlon from West Bengal recently in a car. When they reached the village, residents had raised an objection and informed the health department, following which, four of them were shifted to the quarantine centre. The mother and nephew have tested negative. It is learnt that the mans father owns a house in Kolkata. The four of them had gone there in January and got stuck due to the lockdown. Civil surgeon Dr Rajesh Bagga said the couple was quarantined at Government Meritorious School soon after their return on May 23. Their samples were collected, along with 121 others, on Sunday and sent for testing. The health department received the reported from Government Medical College, Patiala, on Monday evening. The results of 121 others have come out negative. Dr Bagga said that as both patients were from another state, it would not affect the districts tally. 7 DISCHARGED FROM KHANNA CIVIL HOSPITAL As many as seven patients were discharged from the isolation ward of Khanna civil hospital on Monday. Out of the seven, two patients were employees of a tyre factory from where several cases were detected. The employees had got infected after coming in contact with their 63- year- old purchase manager. Senior medical officer, Dr Rajinder Gulati informed that another patient, who is an accused caught in illicit liquor trade, had also tested negative twice in a row after remaining in the isolation ward for about four weeks. The remaining four are relatives of the tyre factory employees. After discharge, the patients will have to remain in home isolation at their residence for seven days and will also be visited by the Rapid Response Team (RRT) of their respective area everyday. Dr Gulati further said that a care giver of the patient at home will take hydroxychloroquine tablets as prophylaxis. Attendant of the patients were also counselled at the time of discharge and advised that the patient should strictly follow the home isolation advisory. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 06:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/us-company-trials-coronavirus-vaccine-in-australia/story-s6G2ZKKcMfOmjUXUYhDSdL.html</url>
<title>US company trials coronavirus vaccine in Australia</title>
<body >A US biotechnology company announced on Tuesday the start of human trials in Australia of a vaccine for the coronarvirus with hopes of releasing a proven vaccine this year. Novavax has begun the first phase of the trial in which 131 volunteers in the cities of Melbourne and Brisbane will test the safety of the vaccine and look for early signs of the vaccines effectiveness, the companys research chief Dr. Gregory Glenn said. We are in parallel making doses, making vaccine in anticipation that well be able to show its working and be able to start deploying it by the end of this year, Glenn told a virtual press conference in Melbourne from Novavax headquarters in Maryland. About a dozen experimental vaccines are in early stages of testing or poised to start, mostly in China, the US and Europe. Its not clear that any of the candidates ultimately will prove safe and effective. But many work in different ways, and are made with different technologies, increasing the odds that at least one approach might succeed. Most of the shots in the pipeline aim to train the immune system to recognize the spike protein that studs the coronavirus outer surface, priming the body to react if it ever encountered the real infection. Some candidates are made using just the genetic code for that protein, and others use a harmless virus to deliver the protein-producing information. Still other vaccine candidates are more old-fashioned, made with the killed whole virus. Novavax adds another new kind to that list, whats called a recombinant vaccine. Novavax used genetic engineering to grow harmless copies of the coronavirus spike protein in giant vats of insect cells in a laboratory. Scientists extracted and purified the protein, and packaged it into virus-sized nanoparticles. The way we make a vaccine is we never touch the virus, Novavax told The Associated Press last month. But ultimately, it looks just like a virus to the immune system. Its the same process that Novavax used to create a nanoparticle flu vaccine that recently passed late-stage testing. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/skill-universities-on-anvil-for-migrants-in-post-pandemic-world/story-2Uvurr8fZjbk1ucdqUjyCJ.html</url>
<title>Skill universities on anvil for migrants in post-pandemic world</title>
<body >Setting up special skill development universities, revamping courses and training at over 2,700 Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) and polytechnics and creating a central board of vocational education -- these are some of the measures the skill development ministry is looking at in an attempt to reorient its own role and create a job-ready workforce for a post-Covid world. The turmoil caused by the pandemic has resulted in not just millions of workers moving back to the hinterland, but also created new demand patterns for jobs, explained officials overseeing the effort. The skill development ministry has created a detailed road map for this. HT has accessed a copy of the plan, a key component of which is to equip the workers with new skills. Rural logistics, sanitation, health-care and home delivery are all sectors where workers will be needed in a more health-conscious world that the pandemic is likely to usher in. The ministry is looking at the possibility of training workers in these areas. A database of migrant workers and their skilling needs could be created by the skill development ministry jointly with the rural development ministry and urban local bodies. The ministry is looking at updating its skill management information system (SMIS) to gauge the emerging trends. According to the plan, a Kaushal (Hindi for skill) app may be developed that individuals can use to locate and enrol themselves for skilling courses. The app may also be used to get in touch with employers. The government is cognizant of the reverse migration that has happened due to Covid-19 pandemic and is trying its best to re-connect them back to employment opportunities in their respective regions, skill development and entrepreneurship minister Mahendra Nath Pandey told HT. It is imperative that their skills be best utilised at this point in time to {enable them to} earn their livelihood while supporting the local economies. According to one official, who requested anonymity, the ministry is also looking at revamping the training imparted at the 2,700 ITIs and polytechnics. Such activities shall certainly undergo reverse gravitational pull towards rural areas and smaller towns. This may prove to be a good outcome of Covid curse as it may result in more balanced growth, said former University Grants Commission member Dr Inder Mohan Kapahy. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 01:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/buy-ppe-only-from-approved-producers-govt-advisory/story-sdQvfI7FRP1YPdQdH1VJgJ.html</url>
<title>Buy PPE only from approved producers:Govt advisory</title>
<body >The Union health ministry on Monday issued an advisory asking people to buy personal protection equipment (PPE) kits approved only by the labs identified by the government to ensure quality of kits as there have been reports of substandard kits being sold in the market. The products under reference have no relevance to the procurement being made by the Central Government. HLL Lifecare Limited (HLL), the procuring agency of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, is procuring PPE coveralls from manufacturers/suppliers only after getting their coveralls tested and approved by one of the eight labs nominated by the Ministry of Textiles (MoT) for testing the same. It is only after their products qualify in the test prescribed by the ministrys technical committee, that they are procured, said health ministry in a statement. Further, HLL is also undertaking random sampling of the supplies being made, for which a testing protocol has been devised. In case of any failure, the company is being disqualified for any supplies. All the States/UTs have been asked to ensure procurement which is being carried out at their level after following the prescribed testing for PPEs from MoT nominated labs, it said. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage The government is also working to ensure all manufacturers, who have got their products qualified from the government approved labs, register with the online market place portal called Government e-Marketplace (GeM) so that information on quality manufacturers is easily accessible for people . The manufacturers who have got PPEs qualified have been advised by the MoT to get on-board the GeM so that the procurement by States can be carried out accordingly. For the private sector also, the dynamic information of manufacturers whose products have qualified the tests is available on MoT website, said the health ministry statement. Also read: UP prison inmates make masks, listen to jail radios amid coronavirus lockdown To ensure quality of PPE kits, the ministry of textile had last month tightened norms for permits issued to coverall makers, according to which any domestic manufacturer of a coverall applying for approval certifications will have to attach a notarised affidavit declaring that they are not traders but manufacturers, and that they understand that if they do not follow the norms, their certifications could be cancelled. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/confusion-in-the-air-as-india-takes-flight-after-two-months/story-OvGRd553iIe9RR24ejQQKM.html</url>
<title>Confusion in the air as India takes flight after two months</title>
<body >New Delhi: Two months after India grounded domestic flights to halt the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19), passenger jets took to the air again on Monday, but only half of the scheduled operations could resume amid widespread confusion over operations and reluctance by some states to allow inbound travellers. States agreed with the Centre on Sunday to allow a graded reopening of flight operations after putting in place local measures to quarantine and isolate passengers to avoid a spiralling of infections. Numbers of flights operating across airports have been capped, with the Centre allowing only a third of domestic operations amid a national lockdown triggered by the pandemic. On Monday, however, about half of the estimated 1,100 expected flights had to be cancelled as airlines reconciled with the varying public health rules of states and reworked their flight schedules. An official said that 82 flights  departures and arrivals  were cancelled at the Delhi airport, leaving hundreds of passengers stranded. At least 190 departures and 190 arrivals were previously scheduled for the first day from Delhi. Union civil aviation minister Hardeep Singh Puri said 532 flights carried 39,231 passengers on the first day of the resumption of operations. action has returned to Indian skies. With Andhra Pradesh set to resume operations from tomorrow  West Bengal from 28 May, these numbers are all set to increase further, he tweeted. According to a person aware of the developments, on May 22, bookings opened for around 1,100 domestic flights for Monday. The first flight took off from Delhi for Pune at 4.45am under strict regulations recommended by civil aviation authorities. Among the standard operating procedures are strict social distancing norms, hand hygiene rules and the use of masks. The first flight from Mumbai was to Patna and it departed at 6.45am. At Delhi airport, hundreds of people anxious to catch a flight queued from before dawn  all wearing masks and standing at least a metre apart. The flight cancellations resulted in many being stranded at the facility. There was not a single message or mail informing me that my flight has been cancelled. All of us who reached the airport today were mostly travelling in emergencies. If the airlines cannot keep the schedule on time, they must at least keep their passengers posted. This is sheer mismanagement, said a doctor who asked not to be named. Sunil Kujur, a retired government employee, woke up early on Monday after a phone call about his fathers death at their house in Ranchi. Within minutes, Kujur, a resident of west Delhis Uttam Nagar, booked two seats on an Air India flight to Ranchi for himself and his daughter. When it was time to leave for the airport, however, they learnt that the flight was cancelled. Instead of my morning flight, I had to book another flight that leaves in the afternoon.  I was late for my fathers last rites, he said. Security personnel behind plastic screens verified check-in documents and that passengers had the government contact tracing app, Aarogya Setu, on their phones. Scenes of chaos were also reported at the Mumbai airport. Departure and arrival of 47 flights at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport was reported, with confusion owing to last-minute changes in flight schedules being the primary reason for the chaos. The authorities have capped the total daily flights operating out of the airport at 50. While the flight operations resumed early in the day, the Maharashtra government issued detailed guidelines for travellers later, mandating 14-day home quarantine, with such people required to be stamped on the left hand. IndiGo initially planned to start with about 430 daily flights while its low-cost rival SpiceJet said it would operate 204 flights a day and AirAsia India would start with 77 flights. The final number, however, was much lower amid curtailed operations. IndiGo said on Monday it planned to fly just over 200 daily flights until May 31. Before the outbreak of the highly contagious disease, which has killed at least 345,000 people around the world and bound millions to their homes, an estimated 2,700 flights operated in India daily. Flights to and from West Bengal will resume on May 28 and those operating from Andhra Pradesh will commence from May 26. Major flight cancellations happened due to this, several flights were scheduled to these states that had to be cancelled after yesterdays announcements. Overall, nearly 500 flights scheduled for Monday were cancelled, a civil aviation ministry official said, requesting anonymity. Responding on the state of affairs on the first day of operations, a Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) official said: All of us are struggling to get it (flights) going. There are multiple stakeholders and multiple obligations. Instead of following the national guidelines issued by the Union government for all departing and disembarking passengers, many of the states have chosen to set their own rules: Karnataka requires mandatory institutional quarantine for passengers from worst-affected states, while Punjab and Meghalaya have made a swab test mandatory for arrivals. Several states said passengers will be taken to a facility only if they show symptoms of fever or cough  in line with Union government guidelines released on Sunday  and some  decided to additionally mandate or suggest self-isolation for either 14 or 28 days, even if a traveller is asymptomatic. Some other states, such as Mizoram and Himachal Pradesh, said that only state residents will be allowed to enter the city from the airports. Three states  Maharashtra, West Bengal and Tamil Nadu  have requested the Union government to reconsider the decision to allow domestic flight operations to resume as it could lead to a spike in infections. After holding several discussions with these states and airline representatives to resume operations a day earlier, the civil aviation minister on Monday tweeted: Indians soar in the skies again! He tweeted images of aircraft being tracked on flight tracking app Flightradar24, adding: [It] shows how our skies look busy again as domestic civil aviation recommences... The confusion on state-level restrictions over the last three days led to several queries from passengers on rebooking and cancellation, according to travel website MakeMyTrip. Lack of clarity and confusion on state-level restrictions and quarantine guidelines have resulted into a significant increase in customer queries on our platform, over the last three days. The-last minute updates from the states about travel restrictions has left many flyers anxious with most enquiries coming to us around rebooking options, cancellation and refund polices of respective airlines, a spokesperson for MakeMyTrip said. State-run Air India said that due to some last-minute decisions on general flight operations to certain states, flight schedules were redrawn late on Sunday evening by airlines, which could have led to some inconvenience to passengers. Air India is doing its best to extend all support to its esteemed pax according top-most priority to all safety norms and in sync with the flight movement and operational issues prevailing throughout its network, said an airline spokesperson. Experts said potential travellers are likely to be deterred by a lack of clarity on quarantine rules in different states. Its unfortunate there was no effective coordination between the states and central government. Each state has come out with its own rules, which is confusing and will compel only a few to fly, aviation law expert Nitin Sarin, a managing partner at Sarin  Co, told Reuters. Among those who travelled on Monday was Union minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who sparked a controversy by not undergoing quarantine on arrival in Bengaluru a Delhi flight. He said he came under the exempted category, being incharge of pharmaceuticals, an essential sector. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 00:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/kylie-jenner-gives-glimpse-of-her-lavish-purse-collection-and-diet/story-WxAyWvIEdkdFr9sLAjdYaN.html</url>
<title>Kylie Jenner gives glimpse of her lavish purse collection and diet</title>
<body >Possibly the youngest billionaire in the world, Kylie Jenner gives all of us millennials major career and fashion goals. The make-up baron gave her fans a glimpse at her organized and colour co-ordinated shelves of lavish designer pieces through Instagram stories on Sunday. Its already known that Jenner has  an  extravagant handbag collection including one-of-a-kind limited-edition designs and plenty of rare Hermes Birkins. Now, she has shared pictures of her handbag-lined shelves, giving a look at her extensive collections of at least 20 Hermes Kelly and Birkin bags -- two of the most exclusive fashion collectors items reported People. Apart from many classic black and coloured Birkins, she has numerous crocodile Birkins and is also very fond of Judith Leiber crystal-covered clutches. Her closet also contains plenty of Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Saint Laurent, Gucci, Fendi and Balmain bags. Jenner, in an Instagram Story video, revealed that the custom Louis Vuitton painted with her 2-year-old daughter Stormis name and Trolls characters. Look at what Khloe [Kardashian] got Stormi for her birthday, Jenner said. I honestly cannot wait for our next vacation. And Cooper is on here!, she added. In an interview with Harpers Bazaar, the 22-year-old beauty mogul said, If there was a face of hangry, it would be me. And, Stormi has it, too. Because when that little girls a little hungry, she turns into a different baby. So, if you wonder where she gets it from, its me for sure. Kylie went on to talk about her meals in a day, she said, The first thing I eat or drink when I wake up is probably my bone broth. Its mixed with lavender and lemon. Jenner doesnt finish her meaty drink first thing in the morning, she added, I sip on it all day so Ill go through probably two jars. Given the weird diet fads that celebrities follow, like Madonna sharing on Instagram that she drinks her own urine, this is something that seems easy and palatable enough for us to consume. (With inputs from ANI; All photos from Instagram) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 20, 2020 10:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/for-two-states-unfamiliar-farm-threat-triggers-untested-response/story-h9lfbGsRfoyOF3HZSpPcCO.html</url>
<title>For two states, unfamiliar farm threat triggers untested response</title>
<body >Lucknow/Bhopal:  For agriculture departments of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh, dealing with swarms of locust is something new. Therefore, in addition to spraying pesticides, the local administrations have adopted unconventional -- adnd potentially unproven -- methods such as sounding sirens, playing loud music and using drones to scare the insects. Agriculture department officials of the two states said that they have no records to show when the last locust attack took place in their states. We have no record of the last major locust attack, said sugarcane commissioner, Sanjay R Bhoosreddy, who is coordinating anti-locust activities in Uttar Pradesh. Prayagraj district agriculture officer Ashwani Kumar Singh, said: We have informed farmers that they can scare away locusts by beating tin drum, plates etc. Besides, they are also being advised to spray pesticides on their crops to protect them from locusts. Singh said that the police have been asked to blow sirens from their vehicles . All village pradhans and farmers of Prayagraj have been alerted about the locust attacks and have been asked to inform district authorities if they spot a swarm through gram panchayat adhikaris and agriculture technical assistants who remain in touch with them locally so that appropriate steps can be taken, he said. The Agra district administration has deployed 204 tractors equipped with chemical sprays to keep the pests at bay. The Jhansi district administration has directed the fire brigades to remain on standby with chemicals and also to blow sirens to ward off the insects. In Uttar Pradesh, locusts have damaged crops in Jhansi, Lalitpur and Hamirpur districts and 15 more districts such as Agra, Aligarh, Mathura, Firozabad and Etawah are under threat. Bhoosreddy said all necessary protective measures were being be taken to protect sugarcane crop. If locusts are spotted in sugarcane crop, the department has recommended immediate spraying of insecticides such as chlorpyrifos 20 percent EC, chlorpyrifos 50 percent EC, Bundiomethrin, Fipronil, and Lambda, he said. In Madhya Pradesh, principal secretary, agriculture Ajeet Kesari, said, Our teams continue to track the swarms wherever they are going and spray chemical over them. However, their groups are smaller now -- say one or two kilometres in radius -- unlike in the beginning when they were spread in the radius of 5 to 6 kilometres. Farmers in Hoshangabad, Raisen, Sehore, Sagar, Chhatapur, Harda and several other districts too beat drums, tin cans, burst fire crackers and even arranged bone fires . All possible ways are being adopted to keep locust away from crops. We have deployed police vehicles that blow sirens to shoo away the insects, said AK Nema, deputy director, agriculture, Sagar division. He added that farmers have been given pesticides to spray on crops to minimize the damage. Madhya Pradesh agriculture minister, Kamal Patel, said, A survey will be carried out in the state to assess the damage caused by swarms of locusts and compensation will be given to the farmers affected. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 23:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/locusts-the-invasion-of-the-food-snatchers/story-R78BBHUBb2TvLSrGm8ZYuI.html</url>
<title>Locusts: The invasion of the food snatchers</title>
<body >Swarms of crop-munching desert locusts entered deeper into Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh over the weekend and are now close to the national capital, according to officials who said on Monday that they have put farmers on high alert and deployed insecticide spraying devices through drones, SUVs and tractors. Locust invasions are common in parts of Rajasthan abutting Pakistan, but this is the first time they have reached Jaipur, a city 700km from the border, after charting a journey that experts believe began in their natural breeding ground in East Africa. There is a possibility that the locusts will move towards Delhi in the next few days if wind speeds and directions are favourable. As of today the wind speed moved them towards north, said the Union agriculture ministrys Locust Warning Organization (LWO) deputy director KL Gurjar. Gurjar said the agency was coordinating with the India Meteorological Department to determine the trajectory the insects might take. On Monday, the swarm reached Jaipur in what was described by officials as unprecedented. An agriculture department official in Uttar Pradesh said that the Jaipur swarm was one of three that was spreading. Presently three groups are in action in this area and first one among them was moving towards Jhansi (Uttar Pradesh) based on wind direction. The second lot seems to be heading for Morena in Madhya Pradesh. The third in Jaipur region seem to be heading towards Gangapur city in Rajasthan, said Ram Pravesh, the district plant protection officer in Agra. Locusts can fly up to 150km in a day and a one-square-kilometre swarm can eat as much food as 35,000 people, in terms of weight, in a single day, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO)s Desert Locust Information Service bulletin. Locust invasions are known to cause a considerable drop in agricultural output. A moderate infestation chewed through winter crops in an estimated 300,000 hectares in Rajasthan and Gujarat in January. According to some assessments, the locust outbreak this time is linked to climate change and unusual rain. While there are no crops in Rajasthan at present, the summer-sown season begins next month. Most of the swarm seen at present consists of pink-hued sub-adult locusts. Officials fear these may arc back to their summer breeding area in the desert between India and Pakistan, where monsoon rains can help trigger a new round of breeding. If we are not able to control the sub-adults, they will grow into adults and return to summer breeding sites along the Indo-Pak border in the desert. If there is good rainfall, moisture will make it conducive for egg-laying in sandy soil. We may have to face a second generation of desert locusts then. If they are not controlled in hopper stage then they turn into swarms which will again pose a challenge for us, said KL Gurjar, deputy director, Directorate of Plant Protection Quarantine and Storage. The life of a locust varies between three and five months. These insects do not pose a direct risk to animals or humans. The LWO official said containment strategy depends upon the size of the swarm. When it enters from Pakistan, a swarm of one square km can have 80 million locusts. As it moves ahead, we keep killing many of them and the swarm becomes less dense but it will still have 40 million locusts, the joint director said. This year, the locust attack is about eight times more aggressive than last year. Last year the locust swarm was first seen in Jaisalmer district on May 21, but this time its swarms started coming in from early May, he added. According to officials in Jaipur, the swarm that arrived on Monday was spread 6km wide and stretched on for 2.5km. Locusts generally settle on vegetation around 8pm and fly off again around 9-10 am the next day, so insecticides are sprayed at them at night to kill them, he added. The LWO has a ground team of 50 persons mainly to monitor and track the swarms; drones are being used for aerial spraying of Malathion 96, an organophosphate insecticide and a potentially toxic chemical for non-cropped areas. For areas with agriculture, chlorpyrifos is sprayed by drones, fire brigades and tractor mounted sprays. This year, we are able to launch control efforts only around midnight because they are settling late. The current breed of locusts unsettles on hearing sound of tractors, making our job more difficult. An unsettled swarm is highly mobile and can travel as much as 150 km a day if winds are favourable, said Rajasthans agriculture commissioner Om Prakash. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 06:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/jaipur/centre-needs-to-strengthen-locust-warning-system-rajasthan-cm/story-0wPCUfss732MXoGOX2eFJN.html</url>
<title>Centre needs to strengthen locust warning system: Rajasthan CM</title>
<body >Locust attacks in Rajasthan have turned severe after three decades and hence there is a need to strengthen the Locust Warning Organisation, Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot said on Friday. Addressing Agriculture Department officials, District Collectors and Locust Warning Organisation officials, over video conference, he said, This time, the locust attack has been quite different as these locusts have moved from the border areas to Ajmer, Jaipur, Karauli, Tonk, Dausa, Sawai Madhopur and other districts. We have to work new ways to control them, he said, adding that the Prime Ministers attention was also drawn towards the issue during the video conference held with him recently. Since the Locust Warning Organisation comes under the Centre, the Central government should strengthen it and provide necessary resources, he added. Gehlot further said that due to the outbreak of locusts, farmers last year suffered a big loss. Locust invasion is expected to be more intense this year and in such situation, we will have to face this challenge with complete efficiency, he said. State Agriculture Minister Lalchand Kataria said that on April 11, small groups of locusts reached Rajasthan after over from Pakistan. Around 50,000 hectare area has been affected by them. However, farmers have not suffered much loss as there are no standing crops in this season in western Rajasthan districts this time. Revenue Minister Harish Chaudhary said that locusts reproduction rate is quite high in African countries. A large number of locusts in big groups are expected to reach the state, he said. Minister of State for Agriculture Bhajanlal Jatav said that for the first time, locusts has entered many districts of eastern Rajasthan. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 14:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/explainer-india-staring-at-a-desert-locust-plague/story-EEDjCjHYannJ0c7u9ObaDK.html</url>
<title>Explainer: What is a locust plague</title>
<body >Indias farms are facing a significant threat from a swarm of millions of locusts that have migrated from Africa and have now been spotted in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. A GENETIC MARVEL The desert locust is one of about a dozen species of short-horned grasshoppers. They are unique in the way that they change their behaviour  turning from solitary to gregarious or social insects that coalesce into a swarm and forage for food together. WHERE DID THEY ORIGINATE? This swarm originated in the Horn of Africa, where excess rains triggered a breeding boom. According to Indian experts, the swarm entering India now had another round of breeding in Baluchistan, Iran and Pakistan. WHERE ARE THEY NOW? Swarms have moved to Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and border areas of Uttar Pradesh. They migrated to Fazilka in Punjab from Pakistan before spreading to other states from there. The worst-affected districts are Barmer, Jaisalmer and Nagaur. WHAT DAMAGE CAN THEY CAUSE? The current upsurge is alarming in the Eastern Africa region. Over 25 million people will face acute food insecurity in the region in the second half of 2020. In Yemen, where locusts have been reproducing in hard-to-access inland areas, 17 million people may be impacted. A swarm of locust spread over a square kilometre can chew through food enough for 35,000 people in a day. CAN THEY HURT HUMANS? Locusts do not attack people or animals. There is no evidence that suggests that locusts carry diseases that could harm humans. CAN THEY BE CONTROLLED? They can fly as far as 150km a day, making them difficult to control. Locust swarms can cover extremely large areas, which can sometimes be extremely remote and difficult to access. FAO monitors locust swarms on a 24-hour basis and provides forecasts and early warning alerts on the timing, scale and location of movement. Traditional chemicals are used to control their numbers. Now nature-based biopesticides are also available as a less harmful alternative for controlling outbreaks. WHAT HAPPENS NOW? If we are not able to control them, the sub adults will come back to their summer breeding area in the Thar desert bordering Pakistan. If there are good rains, they will lay eggs and lead to a new generation of desert locusts migrating to India again in a few months. MEASURES IN INDIA The Locust Warning Organisation under the ministry of agriculture has a ground team of 50 people mainly to monitor and track the swarms; drones are used for aerial spraying of Malathion 96, an organophosphate insecticide and a potentially toxic chemical for non-cropped areas. For areas with agriculture, chlorpyrifos is sprayed by drones, fire brigades and tractor-mounted sprays. STRENGTH IN NUMBERS *40-80 million locusts are estimated in a swarm that spreads over 1 square kilometre *These many locusts can ravage crops equivalent to the feeding need of 35,000 people in a day *Their life span is between 3-5 months. They become hoppers after a month and can start laying eggs when they 60-70 days old Source: Locust Warning Organisation, FAO, National Geographic </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-priyanka-chopra-and-john-travolta-danced-to-tune-maari-entriyan-floored-everyone-with-their-moves-watch/story-8cLVqgEOA1aw1HGFVdcm7L.html</url>
<title>When Priyanka Chopra and John Travolta danced to Tune Maari Entriyan, floored everyone with their moves. Watch</title>
<body >IIFA Awards Facebook page is feeling nostalgic and has shared a throwback video back from the 2014 award ceremony which was also their most star-studded. From John Travolta to Kevin Spacey, IIFA invited some of the biggest Hollywood names for the event in Tampa, Florida. The video shows how Priyanka Chopra pulled off an awesome performance with Travolta as he matched her every desi dance step. Even the audience -- including Parineeti Chopra and Hrithik Roshan -- seemed surprised at Travoltas moves. Watch the video:  Priyanka first performed with Ranveer Singh to the hit song Tune Maari Entriyan from their film, Gunday. She then walked off the stage to bring Travolta back with her. He matched her every step and even gave the perfect expressions. It should not have been a shock to anyone considering how he was the star of films such as Grease and Saturday Night Fever. Travolta even brought back some moves from his hit Quentin Tarantino film, Pulp Fiction. He did the watch my eyes step that he and Uma Thurman made famous with the diner scene. You are a sport, nobody could do that (dance) amazingly with no rehearsals, Priyanka said about Travolta. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids Travolta also did the Stayin Alive step with Hrithik Roshan on stage, when the latter presented him with the Outstanding Achievement in International Cinema Award. This man (Hrithik) is brilliant. I am honoured and humbled to be here. I thank IIFA for this honour, Travolta had said. At the same ceremony, Deepika Padukone and Shah Rukh Khan also got Kevin Spacey to do the Lungi Dance. That video has not aged as well. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 14:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-posts-birthday-message-for-manager-we-dream-big-together-over-cocktails-and-make-those-dreams-come-true-see-pics/story-TgiOO21UfAQUySIqO5XkLN.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra posts birthday message for manager, We dream big together over cocktails and make those dreams come true. See pics</title>
<body >Priyanka Chopra has penned a special note for her manager Anjula Acharia, along with two candid pictures of them together to wish her on her birthday.  While one is from her pre-wedding function in Jodhpur, another is from their party time at Cannes last year. Sharing the two pictures on Instagram, Priyanka wrote, Happiest birthday my dear Anj...We dream big together over cocktails and make those dreams come true. We cry, we laugh and know we can navigate anything. You are someone I can always depend on for your invaluable insight on everything. I adore you sweet Anju. Please know that we may not be together today to celebrate but you are very loved. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 22, 2020 at 10:57am PDT A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on May 22, 2020 at 10:57am PDT Anju was overwhelmed by Priyankas special post for her and replied, Im crying...thank you so much. You inspire me everyday with your talent, intelligence and heart, you showed me the power of teamwork you never stop and you always show that together were stronger and unstoppable. Priyanka had made her Cannes debut last year with husband Nick Jonas. She wore a shimmery orange outfit to one of the post event parties while Nick had joined her in a metallic suit. The other picture is from her mehendi ceremony at the Umaid Bhawan Palace in Jodhpur where she tied the knot with Nick in a multiple-day grand wedding ceremony. Also read: Suhana Khan celebrates 20th birthday in style amid lockdown, strolls on her terrace for a photoshoot. See pic The actor recently recalled her debut at one of the most fashionable entertainment industry events - the Cannes Film Festival. The Sky is Pink actor documented some of her exquisite looks from the glamorous event on the photo-sharing platform to mark the anniversary of her first appearance. She posted a slide show video on Instagram to show her more than six iconic looks during the festival. Priyanka is currently with her husband Nick Jonas in Los Angeles. On the film front, she will next be seen in the digital film, The White Tiger, starring RajKummar Rao. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 09:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/akshay-kumar-r-balki-shoot-for-covid-19-awareness-campaign-at-mumbai-studio-use-all-precautions-see-pics/story-cvLY4mQPyf6vjYfIQPr9WI.html</url>
<title>Akshay Kumar, R Balki shoot for Covid-19 awareness campaign at Mumbai studio, use all precautions. See pics</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar and filmmaker R Balki on Monday shot for an advertisement campaign regarding the post lockdown responsibilities at Kamalistan studio while taking necessary precautions. Balki said the advertisement was for the health ministry and the team took all the necessary precautions, including wearing masks and working with minimal crew. This is an ad for the health ministry featuring Akshay Kumar about the post lockdown responsibilities of each one of us. We need to get back to work but ensure our safety and those of others. So at our shoot we did the same. Like getting back to work with social distancing, sanitised outdoor set, disinfectant screen, masks. We got used to it in a few minutes. There was minimal crew and very strict protocols, Balki told PTI. The director, who has collaborated with Akshay in films like Pad Man and Mission Mangal, said the crew realised the shooting can be done quite easily following all the guidelines. Anil Naidu, the producer, showed us how we can do the same shoot with fewer people with maximum safety ensured. Of course, we had all the permissions of police etc. We needed to do this as this messaging was extremely important, he added. Also read: Vir Das neighbour sneezes on him during altercation, asks his dead parents to haunt actor. Watch video According to pictures and videos doing the rounds from the sets, the crew had to pass through a disinfection tunnel, post which they were handed masks, face shields and had their temperature checked by medical personnel in PPE suits. View this post on Instagram           Yes, That is Akshay Kumar @akshaykumar back at the shoot .  .  Yes, you saw it right. Just a few days back we heard Maharashtra CM permitting shooting to resume with proper safety measure taken care of and it started today. The first film during Corona Lockdown is on floors. R Balki shoots a film with a social message starring Akshay Kumar. You can see the pictures of the shoot taking place at Kamalistan Studio. Take a close look at them as this is how all the shoots are going to happen post lockdown. This is the new normal. With legal permissions and proper safety precautions at place, Akshay started shooting for his upcoming project. This is exactly how all our new shoots are going to happen. Back on the sets, the team is shooting for a film based on public service, will be produced by R Balki.   #AkshayKumar  #rbalki #COVID19  #CoronaVirus  #shooting #shootingincoronatimes  #bollywoodupdate  #bollywoodactor #bollywoodmovies  #indianfilmhistory  #ifhofficial  #bollywoodlover #bollywoodcelebrity A post shared by  Indian Film History (@indianfilmhistory_official) on May 25, 2020 at 5:44am PDT Yes, That is Akshay Kumar @akshaykumar back at the shoot .  .  Yes, you saw it right. Just a few days back we heard Maharashtra CM permitting shooting to resume with proper safety measure taken care of and it started today. The first film during Corona Lockdown is on floors. R Balki shoots a film with a social message starring Akshay Kumar. You can see the pictures of the shoot taking place at Kamalistan Studio. Take a close look at them as this is how all the shoots are going to happen post lockdown. This is the new normal. With legal permissions and proper safety precautions at place, Akshay started shooting for his upcoming project. This is exactly how all our new shoots are going to happen. Back on the sets, the team is shooting for a film based on public service, will be produced by R Balki.   #AkshayKumar  #rbalki #COVID19  #CoronaVirus  #shooting #shootingincoronatimes  #bollywoodupdate  #bollywoodactor #bollywoodmovies  #indianfilmhistory  #ifhofficial  #bollywoodlover #bollywoodcelebrity A post shared by  Indian Film History (@indianfilmhistory_official) on May 25, 2020 at 5:44am PDT Shooting for films and other production activities continue to stay suspended from mid-March in view of the coronavirus pandemic. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/akshay-kumar-condoles-hockey-legend-balbir-singh-s-death-shares-pic-with-amazing-personality-see-here/story-GYpWyMny6q2qZEeMVEVafK.html</url>
<title>Akshay Kumar condoles hockey legend Balbir Singhs death, shares pic with amazing personality. See here</title>
<body >Actor Akshay Kumar on Monday expressed grief over the demise of veteran hockey player Balbir Singh. Akshay took to Twitter to post a picture of himself with Balbir Singh. "Saddened to hear about the demise of hockey legend #BalbirSingh ji. Have had the good fortune of meeting him in the past, such an amazing personality," he said in a tweet. "My heartfelt condolences to his family," his tweet further said. Saddened to hear about the demise of hockey legend #BalbirSingh ji. Have had the good fortune of meeting him in the past, such an amazing personality! My heartfelt condolences to his family  pic.twitter.com/knjOq7VEav Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) May 25, 2020 Saddened to hear about the demise of hockey legend #BalbirSingh ji. Have had the good fortune of meeting him in the past, such an amazing personality! My heartfelt condolences to his family  pic.twitter.com/knjOq7VEav The veteran hockey player had suffered a cardiac arrest on May 12 and after that, he suffered two more cardiac arrests during the course of his admission in the hospital. "Balbir Singh passed away this morning," his grandson Kabir said in a statement on Monday. Balbir Singh was a three-time Olympic gold medal-winning hockey legend. He played a key role in India's Olympic victories in London (1948), as a vice-captain in Helsinki (1952) and as the captain in Melbourne (1956). In his illustrious playing career from 1947-1958, Balbir won 61 international caps and scored a whopping 246 goals. He was also the manager of the 1975 World Cup-winning team. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/arjun-bijlani-s-building-sealed-off-as-a-resident-tests-positive/story-FNeADlB5EYphCP3GOkiCCM.html</url>
<title>Arjun Bijlanis building sealed off as a resident tests positive</title>
<body >After producer Boney Kapoors house help tested positive, now, Arjun Bijlanis neighbour too has tested positive and so the Andheri complex has been sealed. Bijlani lives in another wing of the building complex, which is also the residence of actors Tabu and Karishma Tanna. View this post on Instagram           Mere do Anmol Ratan. A post shared by  Arjun Bijlani (@arjunbijlani) on May 18, 2020 at 7:14am PDT Mere do Anmol Ratan. A post shared by  Arjun Bijlani (@arjunbijlani) on May 18, 2020 at 7:14am PDT Somebodys help on the first floor of my wing is infected, and while I am on the sixth floor, the authorities will seal the building. Another Covid-19 case was earlier reported in the adjacent wing of our complex so we need to be extra careful, says Bijlani, who lives with his wife and son. He has already stocked up on the essentials but he admits that the next 14 days are going to be crucial. The actor admits that the situation has been scary for everyone since the outbreak, but now that its in his building, he is very tense. I am more worried now because I have a five-year-old son at home. But, I am going to stay positive and pray that it doesnt affect my family. Quarantining with pets can be a little difficult and I have a dog too, who obviously needs to go for a walk daily, so its going to be a big task now, he says. View this post on Instagram           A Happy anniversary should always have a happy life ..  Neha swami ab toh saath mein pandemic bhi dekh liya . I here by give u all awards for all these years  .thank you everyone for all your wishes and a special thank u to all my friends who sent me so many cakes . Return gift : THE SAME CAKE .  .. A post shared by  Arjun Bijlani (@arjunbijlani) on May 20, 2020 at 9:59am PDT A Happy anniversary should always have a happy life ..  Neha swami ab toh saath mein pandemic bhi dekh liya . I here by give u all awards for all these years  .thank you everyone for all your wishes and a special thank u to all my friends who sent me so many cakes . Return gift : THE SAME CAKE .  .. A post shared by  Arjun Bijlani (@arjunbijlani) on May 20, 2020 at 9:59am PDT The one thing Bijlani is thankful for is that his mother is staying with his younger brother. I couldnt get my mother in time before the lockdown and I used to feel terrible about it as she is managing the house with my younger brother. But now, I feel at least she is safe or else, if she was here, she would have been at risk too, he says. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/ben-stokes-on-world-cup-game-vs-india-rohit-virat-stand-mystifying-little-or-no-intent-from-dhoni/story-iUICOSi8B9zblmKXGJdhXM.html</url>
<title>Ben Stokes on World Cup game vs India: Rohit-Virat stand mystifying, little or no intent from Dhoni</title>
<body >England all-rounder Ben Stokes was baffled by Indias run-chasing strategy during their World Cup game last year in which he found Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharmas approach mystifying and saw no intent from Mahendra Singh Dhoni during the run chase. In fact, Stokes called skipper Virat Kohlis complaints about the 59 metre boundary on one side whingeing. It was the game at Birmingham, where India were comprehensively beaten by 31 runs failing to chase Englands massive score of 337 for 7 last year. In his new book On Fire published by Headline Books and distributed by Hachette India, Stokes analysed each of Englands games in the World Cup. Arguably, the way MS Dhoni played when he came in with 112 runs needed from 11 overs was even stranger. He appeared more intent on singles than sixes. Even with a dozen balls remaining, India could still have won. Also read:I tell him youre like my wife: Shikhar Dhawan on India teammate ...there was little or no intent from him (Dhoni) or his partner Kedar Jadhav. To me, while victory is still possible you always go for broke, Stokes wrote in his soon-to-be-published book. He revealed that the England dressing room felt that Dhoni tried to take it deep so that the run-rate remained intact. Dhoni remained unbeaten on 42 off 31 balls but most of the runs came in the last over when the match as a contest was over. There is a theory in our camp that Dhonis way of playing has always been the same. Even if India cant win the game, he takes it right to the end to try to make sure that Indias run rate stays relatively healthy, Stokes wrote.    His big thing has always been to give himself a chance of winning by being at the crease for the final over, but he generally likes to stick around to get as close to a target as possible even in a losing cause. In fact, Englands new ball bowlers Chris Wokes and Jofra Archer kept a tight leash on Rohit and Kohli as they consumed nearly 27 overs for their 138-run stand. Also read:SLC suspends pacer Shehan Madushanka for alleged possession of drugs The way Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli played was mystifying. I know that we bowled brilliantly well during this period, but the way they went about their batting just seemed bizarre. They allowed their team to get so far behind the game. They showed no desire to put any pressure back onto our team, content instead to just drift along, a tactic that was clearly playing into our hands. Stokes also wrote that Kohlis explanation about short boundaries sounded a bit weird to him. Yet it was weird to hear India captain Kohli whingeing about the size of the boundaries at the post- match presentation ceremony. I have never heard such a bizarre complaint after a match. Its actually the worst complaint you could ever make. Both teams have to bat out there, and get the same number of balls, so how can the playing areas dimensions be an advantage to one team or the other?, he further wrote. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/anurag-kashyap-lauds-abhishek-banerjee-s-journey-from-rang-de-basanti-to-paatal-lok-who-knew-where-train-would-halt-in-14-years/story-E0BoZ4YhbjZmhaSCGO9zBO.html</url>
<title>Anurag Kashyap lauds Abhishek Banerjees journey from Rang De Basanti to Paatal Lok: Who knew where train would halt in 14 years</title>
<body >Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap is proud of actor Abhishek Banerjees journey. He shared a photo of Abhishek from 2006 movie Rang De Basanti, in which the actor had a very small but hilarious role. Retweeting another users tweet, Anurag wrote, This was in 2006. He grew up to become Hathoda Tyagi in 2020. No one could have guessed which station this train would halt at in 14 years. Abhishek plays the murderous Vishal Tyagi aka Hathoda Tyagi in Amazon Prime Videos hit new show, Paatal Lok. His menacing role and extraordinary performance made him an instant hit with the audience. 2006     2020                    ,       @nowitsabhi https://t.co/0AN5T1ZJrn Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) May 26, 2020 2006     2020                    ,       @nowitsabhi https://t.co/0AN5T1ZJrn Before Paatal Lok, Abhishek was also seen in Stree as the cowardly friend of Rajkummar Rao who gets possessed by a ghost. He also played the sassy barber and friend of Ayushmann Khurrana in Bala. He was also one of the students who auditioned for the role of Bhagat Singh in a scene from Rakeysh Omprakash Mehras 2006 hit Rang De Basanti. Abhishek is also a casting director and screenwriter. He worked as a casting director on Paatal Lok as well. Talking about being a part of Paatal Lok, the biggest compliment for Abhishek is how the women in his life refuse to watch Paatal Lok. I think that it is the ultimate compliment because the show has turned out as scary as we wanted to make it, Abhishek said. He said the characters lack of dialogues made it a difficult part to audition for. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch Sudip Sharma, the shows creator, was familiar with his performance in indie film Ajji and felt he suited the role. Abhishek said it was not difficult to understand the motivation of his character, whose intensity helped the actor channelise some of his own angst. I come from a protected family so it is hard for me to understand what makes someone a brutal killer. But I realised that this character was an achiever and he was thwarted. He was living the life of a champion but his father was not because of the feudal system that still exists in India. This rejection from the system and society broke him, he said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/twitter-says-this-video-of-a-buffalo-s-revenge-is-the-perfect-representation-of-karma/story-PeUQdksFG74auZ5c1HS5WI.html</url>
<title>Twitter says this video of a buffalos revenge is the perfect representation of karma</title>
<body >A shocking video of a group of people racing while on a buffalo cart has left people on Twitter seething. The video shows the group egging the buffalo pulling the cart to run faster. The buffalo seems to serve them a platter of instant karma after the cart topples and the group falls on the road. The clip has collected varied reactions on Twitter with many cheering for the buffalo. The clip has been re-circulating on the Internet and Twitter. The video has collected over 36,000 likes and more than 12,900 retweets in one of the posts. The video shows five men sitting on a cart thats being pulled by a buffalo. They can be seen spurring the animal to run faster. However, after a few intense moments, the buffalo runs towards the other side of the road. With the cart in so much speed, one of its wheels goes over the divider resulting in it toppling over. All five men are seen being thrown over from the cart onto the road while the buffalo runs away. The buffalo took a perfect revenge, such people shouldnt be called human. pic.twitter.com/6o1n3LQdQ7 Singh Varun (@singhvarun) May 23, 2020 The buffalo took a perfect revenge, such people shouldnt be called human. pic.twitter.com/6o1n3LQdQ7 The video prompted a ton of reactions on the micro-blogging site with most people sympathizing with the animal and praising it for exacting revenge on those riding on the cart. Good work by buffalo. The real animals should be immediately booked for cruelty against animal. Justice should prevail, wrote a Twitter user. Totally inhuman act, wrote another. Karma, proclaimed a third. Perfect revenge, posted a fourth. Also Read | When youve thought youve seen it all, heres a king cobra enjoying a bath. Watch </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/badshah-shares-his-most-honest-song-ilzam-says-his-numbers-are-hit-but-are-still-treated-as-noise-watch-video/story-GllG6cfqlbiMYWUpTMirWO.html</url>
<title>Badshah shares his most honest song Ilzam, says his numbers are hit but are still treated as noise. Watch video</title>
<body >Rapper Badshah has come up with a new song video under his label of 3AM sessions - where he claims to be honest and brutal about his  own ambitions, confessions and fantasies.  In the latest video titled Ilzaam, the song is written and composed as well as crooned by Badshah. Ilzaam talks about the reality of how  Badshah and his work are treated -  the songs are hit but not critically acclaimed. The lines go, Gana hit fir bhi inke liye shor ban gaya. Kal tak sabka tha mai pyara aaj chor ban gaya. Gande Rap karne wala sell out whore ban gaya, sahi banda hota tha par ab kuch aur ho gaya. Bhai paise wala hai, sare paid views hain. Badshah ne di donation hatt, fake news hai. 24 ghante rehta high, ek number ka nashedi Stage pe chadhne se pehle peeta Grey Goose hai . The video is just a montage of previous concerts and music videos of Badshah himself, apart from a few moments that see the rapper sitting at a desk, writing and creating some music. Also read: Hrithik Roshans ex-wife Sussanne Khan opens up about moving in with him during lockdown, says Its a wake-up call to cherish one another The video garnered much love from industry friends as well as fans. Varun Dhawan wrote, Soul voice. Varun Sharma and Baba Sehgal dropped fire emojis in the comment box. In the description of the Youtube video, Badshah claims about the 3AM sessions, The only thing it does not have is lies. This is Me with no layers. I am scared to put it all out but cant hold it back any longer. It is my redemption.  Badshah has been working throughout lockdown. Recently, he also came up with a music video featuring Jacqueline Fernandez. Titled Genda Phool, the song was caught up in plagiarism  row when a Bengali folk singer claimed to have written portions of the number and demanded credit. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 12:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/esha-gupta-confirms-she-is-not-part-of-hera-pheri-3-i-was-doing-the-film-when-late-neeraj-vora-was-directing-it/story-c87qvOkqbzWcACYqtmH3GN.html</url>
<title>Esha Gupta confirms she is not part of Hera Pheri 3: I was doing the film when late Neeraj Vora was directing it</title>
<body >Actor Esha Gupta has opened up about exiting the third part of popular comedy series Hera Pheri and confirmed that she is no longer a part of the upcoming movie. She also added that she was supposed to work on the film when late Neerajj Vohra was directing it. Esha said in an interview with Bollywoodlife, No, it was Tipsy. Im not a part of Hera Pheri 3 anymore. It (Hera Pheri 3) might still being happening. I was in it till...God rest his soul...the demise of Neeraj Vohra sir (writer of the first Hera Pheri and Director of the second part). He was going to direct the film at that time, but ....He was too young...too early to have gone. Also read: Im lonely, upset, confused: Revisiting Jennifer Anistons explosive first interview post Brad Pitt split She added,  But I wasnt a part of it after that, and I dont even know whats the status of the film now, so please, Ill be the wrong person to give any information about it. The film I was supposed to leave for (prior to lockdown) was Tipsy, which Deepak Tijori is directing. The first Hera Pheri film (2000) was directed by Priyadarshan. It featured Akshay Kumar, Tabu, Suniel Shetty and Paresh Rawal in lead roles. Neeraj directed the second instalment Phir Hera Pheri (2006). The entire cast for the third installment is yet to be confirmed. About dealing with the ongoing lockdown amid coronavirus pandemic, Esha had told Hindustan Times in an interview, I am trying to keep myself calm and also taking care of my health treating it like a war situation. (I am) Not hoarding food like many other people, because I know thats wrong and Im also making sure that I dont overdo or waste things. The more I save today, its all the better for my tomorrow. Esha currently plays the female protagonist in the new season of the web series REJCTX. She says though she watched the first season of the show, she did not know that Goldie Behl had directed it, until she went to meet the maker. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/tom-holland-s-spider-man-as-hawkeye-in-marvel-s-what-if-new-teaser-leaves-fans-scratching-heads/story-s14Dec4GZRGrRzGEqeZJnJ.html</url>
<title>Tom Hollands Spider-Man as Hawkeye in Marvels What If? New teaser leaves fans scratching heads</title>
<body >Marvels upcoming animated series What If? will feature alternate scenarios and storylines that wouldnt be possible in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. For instance, one episode will explore the idea that Peggy Carter took the super-serum instead of Steve Rogers, and became Captain Britain. A newly released teaser for the series, due out on Disney+, suggests that one scenario could involve Spider-Man suiting up as Hawkeye. But what makes it more interesting is that the version of Peter Parker being teased is the one played by Tom Holland. The look was spotted by ComicBook.com. WHOA WHOA WHOATom Holland's Peter Parker as Hawkeye in What If...?! pic.twitter.com/G2AumbpiTN BD (@BrandonDavisBD) May 25, 2020 WHOA WHOA WHOATom Holland's Peter Parker as Hawkeye in What If...?! pic.twitter.com/G2AumbpiTN The rights to Spider-Man are owned by Sony, whod leased the character to Marvel for the film series. A brief spat saw the rights revert back to Sony last year, only for the two studios to renegotiate terms and collaborate once more. Officially, only a third Spider-Man film has been spoken about under the new terms. The image shows Peter wearing the Hawkeye outfit, complete with a quiver of arrows on his back. Marvel president Kevin Feige had announced at last years Comic Con that original MCU actors would return to voice characters in What If? Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Samuel L Jackson, and Jeremy Renner are expected to return. And in a slip-up, actor Jeff Goldblum revealed that Robert Downey Jr has returned to the MCU as well. Also read: When Robert Downey Jr earned Rs 100 crore for 3 days work on Spider-Man Homecoming. Thats $1 million per minute While production on all Disney+ MCU shows, including the Hawkeye series, has been halted because of the coronavirus pandemic, work on What If? is reportedly under way. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 15:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/china-may-have-posted-5-000-soldiers-on-lac-officials-say-as-tension-grows-along-border-in-ladakh/story-MrbTCUNY6ihfTNUGK40XcM.html</url>
<title>China may have posted 5,000 soldiers across LAC, officials say as tension grows along border</title>
<body >China may have marshalled close to 5,000 soldiers on its side of the disputed border in the Ladakh sector where India has also sent military reinforcements to strengthen its defences as growing tension along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) threatens to plunge the bilateral relationship to a new low, people familiar with the development said on Monday. Indian and Chinese soldiers are eyeball-to-eyeball at four locations along the LAC and several rounds of talks between local military commanders , including a meeting on Monday, have failed to end the standoff that began with a violent confrontation between rival patrols three weeks ago near Pangong Tso. Also Read: Army Chief Naravanes 2012 prophecy on Chinese strategy rings true in Ladakh sector There have been troop reinforcements by China, around 5,000 of whose troops may now be present in the region, two officials said on condition of anonymity. The Chinese forces are not concentrated anywhere near the flashpoints, but scattered on their side, the officials said. Sending the military reinforcements, including troops, vehicles and heavy equipment, did not require much effort as China diverted the resources from an ongoing military exercise in the region, said one of the officials cited above. India is tracking all aspects of the Chinese deployments and parity in troop numbers is being ensured, said the second official cited above. Chinas state-run media has described the latest tensions as the worst since the 2017 Doklam standoff that lasted 73 days. Also Read: Chinas tactical play in Ladakh isnt just about the boundary Officials and China watchers said that there was no need to get too fixated on numbers when it comes to troop reinforcements on either side of the disputed border. As long as troops remain in their current positions and there are no further transgressions, it could set the stage for talks to defuse the situation, said former Northern Army commander Lieutenant General DS Hooda (retd). He added that there was no space for the deployment of 5,000 troops along the LAC and it was quite possible that the reinforcements were in so-called depth areas. His reference is to areas within the Chinese side of the LAC. There has to be parity in troop numbers at the face-off sites and the back-up areas, said Lieutenant General BS Jaswal (retd), also a former Northern Army commander. You have to show presence of troops to induce dissuasion. And you also have to be concerned about the military build-up escalating into a conflict. Also Read: New chopper drone may be deployed along India border: Chinese state media Army chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane made a low-key visit to Ladakh last week for a security review as tensions grew between India and China near Pangong Tso and three pockets in the Galwan Valley region where Chinese troops have pitched close to 100 tents and erected temporary structures to establish a presence. Chinese soldiers are also said to be constructing bunkers in some disputed areas. HT was the first to report on May 10 about tensions flaring between India and China in north Sikkim where 150 soldiers were involved in a tense standoff a day earlier. Four Indian and seven Chinese soldiers were injured at Naku La during the confrontation. Around 250 soldiers from the two countries clashed near Pangong Tso on the night of May 5-6, with the scuffle leaving scores of troops injured. While an immediate flare-up was avoided as both armies stuck to protocols to resolve the situation, tensions spread to other pockets along the LAC. The latest standoff is not confined to a small area, has triggered an increase in troop numbers on both sides at multiple locations and seems to suggest a greater design rather than adventurism by local commanders, as reported by HT on Sunday. Experts said breaking the stalemate would require political direction and diplomatic intervention. Both India and China are locked in a war of words over the border row. Last week, India rejected Beijings allegation that Indian troops were responsible for triggering tensions, and instead accused the Chinese army of hindering Indian patrols. The Indian reaction came after Chinas foreign ministry accused Indian troops of trespassing across the LAC and said Beijing had to take necessary countermeasures after the Indian Army allegedly obstructed patrols by Chinese troops. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/as-curbs-ease-and-life-gets-normal-air-quality-is-back-to-worst/story-u9X8WNjNdJo3Cgtcyhih0N.html</url>
<title>As curbs ease and life gets normal, air quality is back to worst</title>
<body >At least four Uttar Pradesh cities recorded the worst air quality in the country, days after life started limping back to normal after lockdown curbs were eased by the government, claimed experts. Ghaziabad, Greater Noida, Meerut and Bulandshahr recorded poor air quality since May 24, according to the data released by Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB). All these places were among top five cities with worst air quality across the state. Bulandshahr recorded an AQI of 248 on Monday and was the second most polluted city. Muzzafarnagar, the other city in West UP, also recorded poor air quality. On Tuesday, the AQI of these places was recorded close to the poor category. The current AQI reflects on the increase in human activities like construction, vehicular movement and industrial work that affects the quality of air. Exposure to poor air quality for longer duration can lead to breathing discomfort, said senior environmentalist Pramod Kamble. We are experiencing the phase with the best air quality of the century, he added. The AQI will turn worse in coming days as more activities resume, he added The depleting air quality has ended the longest streak of good air that Uttar Pradesh experienced in recent times during lockdown. Uttar Pradesh experienced the cleanest air of the century during the lockdown period caused by all time low vehicular movement, suspended industrial work and halt on construction activities. The state capital also recorded AQI as low as 70 during this period which reflected in the improved visibility of the citys skyline. One could see a highrise complex on Gomti Nagar Extension and Aliganj from Hazratganj. One can see the iconic clock tower in Thakurganj from almost five kilometers away. People who go out for a morning walk also claimed to experience better and cleaner air outside. The air outside is light and cleaner. Breathing the clean air makes one lively, said Dharampal Singh, a retired army veteran who goes out for a morning walk religiously. The AQI of Lucknow was recorded above 150 in the last few days. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 08:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/patna/lockdown-4-0-maharashtra-can-send-as-many-shramik-trains-as-required-says-bihar-chief-secy/story-OjoL2WynGn0rotDqhNRO1K.html</url>
<title>Lockdown 4.0: Maharashtra can send as many Shramik trains as required, says Bihar Chief Secy</title>
<body >Chief Secretary Deepak Kumar on Tuesday said that the Maharashtra government can send as many trains as required with migrants from Bihar. He said that Maharashtra has informed the Bihar government about 24 trains. According to Indian Railways, as many as 3,274 Shramik special trains have been run till May 25, carrying 44 lakh passengers to their home states. On May 25, 223 Shramik specials ferried 2.8 lakh passengers. The Railways is running the special trains after the Centre granted permission for movement of stranded citizens including migrants labourers, workers, students, tourists to return to their native towns due to coronavirus-induced lockdown. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 08:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/maharashtra-covid-19-doubling-rate-now-14-days-death-rate-falls/story-GHop26JgnZpKvD8arEI65K.html</url>
<title>Maharashtra: Covid-19 doubling rate now 14 days, death rate falls</title>
<body >The number of Covid-19 patients in Maharashtra are now doubling over a period of 14 days unlike every three days earlier and the death rate has been brought down to 3.25 per cent from 7.6 per cent in April, Chief Secretary Ajoy Mehta said on Tuesday. Success has been achieved in increasing the period over which the number of Covid-19 patients doubled in the state to 14 days from earlier 3 days, Mehta told reporters during a press conference held online. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage On Tuesday, the death toll due to Covid-19 in the state rose to 1,792 while the tally of coronavirus cases reached 54,758. He was accompanied by principal secretary of health department Pradeep Vyas and Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) Commissioner IS Chahal during the briefing. Mehta said that 75,000 beds have been kept ready in Mumbai, which has emerged as the hotspot of the disease, and Chase The Virus mission is being implemented for contact tracing in the countrys financial capital. Also read: Political tussle intensifies in worst-affected Maharashtra The number of tests in Maharashtra is going up, Mehta said and added 27 new laboratories will be operational in the state. At present, 72 laboratories are operational in Maharashtra. He said that there are 16,000 surveillance squads in the state and 66 lakh people have been surveyed till now. He also claimed that the government laid stress on contact tracing to break the chain of coronavirus transmission. Meanwhile, Vyas said 2.70 lakh isolation beds are available for patients. He said that 20 per cent of the patients in the state need oxygen and 10 per cent need the intensive care units. There are three thousand ventilators available in the state and 8,400 beds in the ICU. 95 per cent of the patients in the state are in municipal corporation areas and of these, 70 per cent are from MMR, he added. Chahal said that the BMC is taking steps to bring down the death rate due to the Covid-19 in the city to 3 per cent from 3.2 per cent. He said under Chase The Virus initiative, 15 persons who come in close contact of a person who has tested positive will be strictly put in institutional quarantine. Chahal said a dashboard is being prepared where the availability of beds in Mumbai will be uploaded after every half an hour. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 08:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/over-15-000-pigs-dead-due-to-african-swine-fever-in-assam-state-minister/story-4c6bSQ3Bl0nALBxksqKoFO.html</url>
<title>Over 15,000 pigs dead due to African swine fever in Assam: State minister</title>
<body >Over 15,000 pigs have died due to African swine fever in Assam, said state animal husbandry minister Atul Bora on Tuesday. African swine fever is increasing day by day. Till today, there have been 15,600 deaths, Bora told ANI. The minister said that the government has decided on giving certain relaxations in selling and consumption of pork products in the state in a bid to give relief to pig rearers. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 07:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/please-rohit-not-against-australia-do-it-versus-pakistan-west-indies-brett-lee-s-special-request/story-pPct2Unjwvqs6o8HmOFd4M.html</url>
<title>Please Rohit not against Australia, do it versus Pakistan, West Indies: Brett Lees special request</title>
<body >That it took Rohit Sharma two centuries on his first match as a Test opener, which was also his return to Test cricket to beat his hundred-tally in T20Is (4) and he still has two more double centuries in ODIs  three in ODIs and one in Tests - than in Test cricket, speaks volumes of his prowess as a white-ball cricketer. This by no means indicates that he cannot do the same in Test cricket. In fact, the moment he started opening in red-ball cricket, he scored three centuries in his 5 Tests along with a double ton against South Africa. But his record in white-ball cricket is something that strikes fear among his opponents. Above all, Rohits knack of making double hundreds in ODIs look just another day in the office has what has got everyone rolling their eyes. Sachin Tendulkar may have been the first man to score an ODI double hundred and Virender Sehwag the second but it is Rohit whos name comes first when we talk about ODI double tons, simple because of number of times he has breached the mark. Former Australia pacer Brett Lee, therefore, had a special request for the India opener: Please dont score any more double hundreds against Australia. Also Read | Bring on the pink ball for India series, says Australias Mitchell Starc Hell score a lot of double hundreds hopefully. But not many more against Australia, please... Any other country, Pakistan, West Indies perfect but not against Australia, Lee said in Star Sports show Cricket Connected. Rohit interestingly had scored his first double hundred in international cricket against Australia in Bangalore in 2013. The India opener had smashed 209 to become the third Indian to notch up a double ton in ODIs after Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag. A year later, Rohit took ODI batting to a different level altogether when he scored 264 against Sri Lanka at Eden Gardens, Kolkata in 2014. To put his knock into perspective, Sri Lanka were bowled out for 251, 13 runs short of Rohits score. The India opener scored his third double century in 2017 at PCAA Stadium in Mohali and Sri Lanka were once again at the receiving end. Remembering his first impression of Rohit when he was on his maiden tour to Australia in 2007, Lee said the sound of Rohits bat was different from anybody elses. Hes got plenty of years, a lot of cricket left in him. The first impression I got of Rohit Sharma when he came on to the scene was that he was flamboyant. He was very aggressive the way he used to bat but it was the sound of the bat, its the first thing that I could think of when I watched him bat. You know when people make that sound when they hit the ball from the centre of the bat, its a different sound, recalled Lee. Rohit, who averages close to 50 in ODIs and has 29 hundreds, broke the World Cup record for scoring most hundreds in a single edition when he notched up five centuries in 2019 ODI World Cup in 2019. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 09:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/snakebite-kills-six-year-old-girl-in-uttarakhand-quarantine-centre/story-H0NerjD2wWdfCGiDgoZcQK.html</url>
<title>Snakebite kills six-year-old girl in Uttarakhand quarantine centre</title>
<body >A six-year-old girl at a quarantine centre in Nainital districts Betalghat area died after she was allegedly bitten by a snake on Monday morning, said officials. Dr Bharti Rana, chief medical officer (CMO) Nainital district said the six-year-old girl was quarantined at a government primary school in Talli Sethi village, which is located in the remote area of the district. Around 5 am in the morning on Monday, the girl was bitten by a snake. She was brought to the community health centre in Betalghat around 1.15 pm, where doctors gave her two anti-venom injections. But she died within ten minutes, said Dr Rana. Dr Rana said she had been quarantined with her parents at the primary school three days ago after their return from Delhi around 12 days ago. Dr Rana said she was first taken for jhaad phoonk (excorcism) before being brought to the community health centre, which resulted in the delay. She said the girls body has been sent for post mortem. After post mortem results, we will be in a better position to say what exactly happened. Dr Satish Pant, a doctor in Betalghat who treated the girl, said the girl was brought around 1.15 pm. Her parents said she was bitten by a snake on her ear while she was sleeping. We immediately started the treatment protocol for snake bites and administered her two anti-venom injections. But despite our best efforts, she died around 1.25 pm. They should have brought her earlier, he said. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 In the last few days, due to the heavy influx of migrants from other states, Nainital has emerged as the district with the most positive Covid-19 cases in the state. Of Uttarakhands 332 positive Covid-19 cases till Monday afternoon, Nainital has the maximum 117 cases. Around 14,400 migrants from other states have returned to Nainital so far, including 7,921 in rural areas and 6,479 in urban areas of the district, said officials. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/delhiwale-a-tree-is-reborn/story-mUdrRQGlXlrbIp3jR7mZiI.html</url>
<title>Delhiwale: A tree is reborn</title>
<body >The lockdown has eased. One has to get used to stepping out of the house carefully (gloves and mask) and to get acquainted again with the citys little nooks and corners, that make up its soul. One such place is a peepal tree near south Delhis East of Kailash Enclave, just opposite the new multi-storey police station. The area around the gigantic tree feels like a village square, and its easy to imagine its social life unfold throughout the day, with people sitting and gossiping in its shade. A tiny temple is scooped into the peepals trunk. The idols of Lord Ganesh and Hanuman are sitting snugly, facing the road that is yet to recover its former traffic. The ground beneath the tree is like a coarsely woven carpet made of tree leaves shadows. The mild afternoon breeze is making the shadows flutter, giving a feeling of steady motion, like a softly flowing stream. This is just one aspect of the place. The trunk on the other side has a different kind of shrine. Its a chai stall and... its open. We restarted just two days ago, says owner Sant Lal. His kindness can be felt in the tone of his voicesomething harder to work out from his masked face (obviously). The establishment has absolutely no frillsjust a laminated menu hanging from a branch and a few stoves and kettles. The makeshift character belies the stalls durability. It has been here since 1985. I established it after arriving from my village in Jaunpur (UP). Sitting on a low matted trunk behind his tea stove, Mr Lal wonders if things will get back the way they were before the coronavirus altered the very texture of life. He confesses being anxious about the future, as he tries to reclaim the old days. His masked cooks are making samosas. One is filling the samosa pastry with spiced aloo mash, while the other is deep frying the samosas in the kadahi. A few masked customers are standing about the stall, standing apart from each other. Everything looks like the pre-corona days, except of course for the masked faces. And for the fact that hand sanitiser bottles are prominently placed on a table for customers. There are also white circles drawn about the tree, for customers to obey the precepts of physical distancing. And yet there is something out of the ordinary about this tree refuge. Of course, its the temple idolsthey are the only faces that arent masked. The stall opens daily from 7am to 7pm. Tea is good and samosas delicious. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 03:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/1st-wave-far-from-over-warns-who/story-UPDHcd64tQ8dCAO93X1k1I.html</url>
<title>1st wave far from over, warns WHO</title>
<body >As South America and South Asia struggle with surging coronavirus cases, a top global health expert is warning that the world is still in the very middle of the outbreak, dampening hopes for a speedy global economic rebound and renewed international travel. Right now, were not in the second wave. Were right in the middle of the first wave globally, said Mike Ryan, the World Health Organizations (WHO) executive director. Were still very much in a phase where the disease is actually on the way up, Ryan said, pointing to South America and South Asia. In South America and South Asia, the virus has taken hold in some of the poorest, most densely populated areas. In Brazil, the WHO warned that before reopening the economy, authorities must have enough testing in place to control the spread of the virus. Brazil has 375,000 coronavirus infections and has counted over 23,000 deaths, but many fear Brazils true toll is much higher. In Europe, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that the postponed military parade marking the 75th anniversary of the allied victory in the World War II will take place on June 24. Putin also said the country has passed the peak of the outbreak. Russia reported a record one-day spike on Tuesday of 174 deaths. Wall street stocks surge as Nyse opens Wall Street stocks surged early on Tuesday on optimism about coronavirus vaccines as the New York Stock Exchange resumed physical floor trading for the first time since late March. About 30 minutes into trading, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 2.4% at 25,038.94. The broad-based SP 500 gained 1.7% to 3,007.76, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 1.2% to 9,434.99. The gains came after New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, wearing a mask, rang the opening bell to signal the start of the day for traders, also clad in masks and separated by plexiglas. The NYSE, which closed on March 23 as coronavirus cases were soaring in New York, is ramping up slowly with only a fraction of the normal trading staff. Traders are required to wear masks and have their temperatures taken and must respect social distancing rules. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 03:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/noida/gb-nagar-revisits-containment-zone-plan-for-high-rises-to-seal-only-towers/story-u2wPUR60HRoZQnLqppmbQM.html</url>
<title>GB Nagar revisits containment zone plan for high-rises, to seal only towers</title>
<body >A day after residents of a Greater Noida west township held a protest against the authoritys decision to seal the entire society after three positive Covid-19 cases were reported from the housing complex, the district administration has redefined the containment zones for high-rises. According to Uttar Pradesh government guidelines, any residential area with multiple cases will become a containment zone and will be sealed for a period of 21 days. However, in a statement released by the office of the district magistrate Suhas Lalinakere Yathiraj on Tuesday, the radius of the containment zone will now depend on the number of cases. In consultation with the state government, containment zones have been redefined for multi-storied buildings and societies in urban areas. If a single case is reported in a multi-storey society, only that particular tower will be sealed, and if more than one case is reported, the previous rule will be applicable according to which sealing radius will be 500 metre for containment and 250 metre for the buffer zone, the order said. The order further stated that in case towers of the same society fall outside the 500 metre radius, they will not be considered as part of the containment zone. Residents of various high-rises have welcomed the district administrations move. It is very difficult for high-rises that have thousands of people living in them to have them sealed. Its a question of their livelihood. People in hot spots cannot even get administrative passes. Not all societies have grocery shops within their premises, thus creating further problems, Abhishek Kumar, president, NEFOWA, a Greater Noida West association of high-rises, said. The administrations decision comes 24 hours after residents of Supertech Ecovillage had held a protest on Monday evening when their society had been sealed. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 02:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-launches-food-truck-being-haangryy-to-feed-the-needy-watch-videos/story-nN5jkEz84xAn5XHnXxmLDM.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan launches food truck Being Haangryy to feed the needy, watch videos</title>
<body >Salman Khan is giving back in a big way during the coronavirus crisis, from giving financial aid to 25,000 workers of the film industry hit by the lockdown to sponsoring ration for the families of daily wage workers. He has now launched a food truck, with the words Being Haangryy written on it, to ensure that the lesser-privileged are not faced with starvation. In a tweet, Shiv Sena leader Rahul Kanal thanked Salman for doing his bit for the underprivileged. Sharing a video of the food truck, he wrote, Thank you @Beingsalmankhan bhai for being there and silently doing something which is needed,service to mankind is service to the almighty!!!Jai Ho!!! I shall surely try and do my bit following the lockdown norms and request our Fanclub family to practice the same #BeingHaangryy. Salmans reps are yet to answer Hindustan Times request for a comment on the new initiative. Thank you @Beingsalmankhan bhai for being there and silently doing something which is needed,service to mankind is service to the almighty!!!Jai Ho!!! I shall surely try and do my bit following the lockdown norms and request our Fanclub family to practice the same #BeingHaangryy pic.twitter.com/nOeQncO9Er Rahul.N.Kanal (@Iamrahulkanal) May 6, 2020 Thank you @Beingsalmankhan bhai for being there and silently doing something which is needed,service to mankind is service to the almighty!!!Jai Ho!!! I shall surely try and do my bit following the lockdown norms and request our Fanclub family to practice the same #BeingHaangryy pic.twitter.com/nOeQncO9Er -#SalmanKhan's #Being Human Foundation's FREE FOOD DONATION To The Needy Class:-::-:#BeingHaangryy pic.twitter.com/a3ZhS8Y4IP @SalmanKhan Fan's Club (@SalmanK12853399) May 6, 2020 -#SalmanKhan's #Being Human Foundation's FREE FOOD DONATION To The Needy Class:-::-:#BeingHaangryy pic.twitter.com/a3ZhS8Y4IP Recently, Salman posted a video on Instagram, in which he was seen loading sacks of ration onto bullock carts, lorries and mini trucks. He was being helped by Jacqueline Fernandez, Iulia Vantur, Waluscha De Sousa and others, who are currently stationed at his farmhouse in Panvel. Thanks for the contribution... thank you all @jacquelinef143 @vanturiulia @rahulnarainkanal @imkamaalkhan @niketan_m @waluschaa @abhiraj88, his caption read. Also read | Sonakshi Sinha on Ramayana gaffe: Disheartening that people still troll me over one honest mistake Meanwhile, Salman has also been creating awareness about the coronavirus pandemic on his social media accounts. He lent his voice to a new song titled Pyaar Karona, which has lyrics such as, Pyaar Karona, aitihaat rakhona, khayal rakhona, madad karona (Love, exercise caution, take care and help others). He also wrote the lyrics for the song, along with Hussain Dalal, while Sajid-Wajid composed it. Salman also recreated his iconic scene where he kisses a glass wall from Maine Pyaar Kiya, but with a funny twist, to make a point about the precautionary measures to take during the coronavirus pandemic. Showing how the scene would look like if it were shot in the current circumstances, he does not kiss the lipstick mark left on the glass, but instead sprays it with sanitiser and wipes it away. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 07, 2020 16:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sonu-sood-arranges-buses-for-migrant-workers-to-send-home-in-up-visuals-of-migrants-walking-a-deadly-distance-made-me-sad/story-rs2ARQewpIsbd7BxAAAwUM.html</url>
<title>Sonu Sood arranges buses for migrant workers to send home in UP: Visuals of migrants, walking a deadly distance, made me sad</title>
<body >After arranging buses to transport stranded migrant labourers to their homes in Karnataka, actor Sonu Sood took permission from the Uttar Pradesh Government to send workers back to homes there. On Saturday, multiple buses left from Wadala, Mumbai to various parts of Uttar Pradesh including Lucknow, Hardoi, Pratapgarh and Siddharthnagar as well as to states like Jharkhand and Bihar . Not only this, the Happy New Year actor provided meal kits to the workers too. I cant express in words how it feels to see the people in distress, finally set out on their journey home comfortably. I had been reading a lot on how the migrants were walking hundreds of kilometres along with their families sans food or water. It really disturbed me and I could no longer just sit and sulk about it. I decided to do my bit as a fellow countryman and as a human, of course, by taking government permission too. The visuals of migrants, especially babies and the elderly walking a deadly distance with bruises on their feet, really made me feel very sad. It becomes necessary to spring into action at times rather than just cribbing and simply feeling bad for them. I am extremely happy that I could help the migrants in my own way and I shall continue to help as much as I can, Sonu said. Also read: Anushka Sharmas hilarious memes explaining swarg, dharti and paatal lok win the internet Sonu shared that this is the least we can do for our true heroes who work day and night for us and the betterment of our state and city. Basic transport is all that they are asking so that they can return home, to their loved ones at a crucial time.Also, I would really like to thank my good friend Neeti Goel for being a part of this initiative, he added. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 17, 2020 16:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/young-sri-lanka-pacer-shehan-madushanka-detained-for-possession-of-heroin/story-sLJkJqy1J439JUGkj8QRxJ.html</url>
<title>Young Sri Lanka pacer Shehan Madushanka detained for possession of heroin</title>
<body >Shehan Madushanka, the Sri Lanka fast bowler who made headlines by grabbing a hat-trick on international debut, has been detained by Sri Lanka Police on a charge of possession of heroin. As per the officials, approximately 2.5 grams of heroin was found with Madushanka when he was stopped by the police for driving around the town of Pannala with another person on Sunday, at a time when a nationwide curfew has been imposed. He will be kept in custody for a period of two weeks, sentenced by a magistrate. Also Read | Iwant to face Jasprit Bumrah challenge:Pakistan batsman Shan Masood The rookie fast bowler was selected in Sri Lankas squad for the tri-series featuring Bangladesh and Pakistan due to his promising pace. In fact, prior to his ODI debut against Bangladesh, Madushanka had played just three First-Class and three List-A games. His international debut was during the final of the tri-series where Madushanka dismissed Mashrafe Mortaza, Rubel Hossain and allrounder Mahmudullah off three successive balls to close out the tournament. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 18:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/balbir-singh-senior-a-legend-beyond-borders/story-J3EFXELA56QztDT5nlQ3GN.html</url>
<title>Balbir Singh Senior: A legend beyond borders</title>
<body >Balbir Singh Senior --- Indias iconic goal machine --- was a legend across the border too, inspiring a generation of hockey players in Pakistan. His stellar on-field skills and down-to earth-demeanour earned him the love and respect of even his rivals. He was a great player and a greater human being. Even in Pakistan, he is considered a legend. As we both had Punjabi roots, we shared a special bond. So, whenever we met, we always used to converse in Punjabi, recalls Pakistans triple Olympic medallist Motiullah Khan, who played against Balbir Singh in the 1956 Olympics, while taking to HT over phone. Motiullah, 83, who is settled in Bahawalpur in Punjab province, won two silver and gold for the Pakistan in the Olympics. Also read:Balbir Singh Senior, a man who never let India down Till Partition, Motiullah used to play football and it was only in 1949, he started wielding the hockey stick. My first meeting with Balbir Senior was during the 1955 Bombay Gold Cup. I was playing for Afgan Hockey Club and we lost to Balbirs side in the semi-final by 1-0. It was Balbir who snatched the win from us, says Motiullah, who took help of his son Muteeb Ullah Khan to communicate, as he is having hearing issues. Our next meeting was at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics. We lost the final to India 1-0. I still remember the gameBalbir and Leslie Claudius were superb and we all hold them in high regard, adds Motiullah, who was part of the 1960 Olympics squad when Pakistan won its maiden gold. A week ago, I came across news that Balbir Senior had been admitted to a hospital. I told my son to enquire about him and he posted couple of message on his Facebook page, but somehow I couldnt get in touch with his family. His demise is a great loss to the hockey world, he says. Another triple Olympic medallist from Pakistan, Abdul Rasheed Junior, reminisces: My elder brother Abdul Hameed Hameedi had played with him during the 1948, 52 and 56 Olympics. I got a chance to interact with the legend when he was the manager of the Indian team in the 1971 World Cup. He was a thorough gentleman and the players from both sides have so much to learn from him. Batting for India-Pak hockey series Motiullah says sports and cultural exchanges should not be kept hostage to political relations. Strongly batting for India-Pakistan bilateral hockey series, he says sports can bring both the nations together. It is sad that because of political differences, such a series seems to be distant dream in the near future. But nobody can stop both the sides from playing in the heaven. Now, Balbir must be joining his teammates to play a match against our side (Pakistan) and I am sure it would be a tough contest, he says. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 03:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/infectious-diseases-block-inaugurated-at-srinagar-s-skims/story-TAgEe1BaA1lFaOh83iysUK.html</url>
<title>Infectious diseases block inaugurated at Srinagars SKIMS</title>
<body >Sher-i-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences (SKIMS) Soura on Monday further strengthened advanced patient care services with the inauguration of Infectious diseases block (IDB). The inauguration was done by advisor to L-G of Jammu  Kashmir, Baseer Ahmad Khan. It is the first centre of its kind in north India which is equipped with superlative quality facilities. The services that will be provided include 40-bed isolation ward, l5-bed high dependency isolation ward and intensive care unit (ICU). The centre will also have four-bedded RO and dialysis unit, independent portable x-ray, USG machine and ECG, lab facilities for haemogram coagulation studies arterial blood gas and electrolyte analysis, biochemistry etc. SKlMS director Dr AG Ahangar dedicated the IDB to the patient care, especially the engineering department, and other supportive management services for making this possible in short span of time against all odds. Ahangar expressed satisfaction about the safety measures taken at all levels to ensure protection of frontline health workers. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 01:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kartik-aaryan-responds-to-a-fan-who-offers-him-rs-1-lakh-for-a-reply-gets-10-million-offer-for-marriage/story-NJjqiirviEyj8G8S3mVf4L.html</url>
<title>Kartik Aaryan responds to a fan who offers him Rs 1 lakh for a reply, gets 10 million offer for marriage</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Kartik Aaryan was in complete business mode when he decided to respond to a fans comment on one of his Instagram posts. Sharing a dashing photo, Kartik had written on Instagram Wednesday evening while invoking Breaking Bad, Jesse, you asked me if I was in the meth business, or the money business Neither. Im in the empire business. Ye lo reply, kaha hain (money bag emoji)? he posted in response to a fan who had written, Bhai me tere Ko ek lakh dungi reply Dede yr bhen ko. The hilarious response triggered a sea of fans who offered him money and some even suggested he can be a millionaire simply by responding to fans. reply me lll give you chocolate, wrote one fan while another , ye Kartik ki dialogue delivery ki tarah imagine kro. One user commented, @kartikaaryan bhai ye 25 din me paise double karane Bali ladki nikli. One fan even offered him ten million rupees if he would marry her. wow so youre replying to her imma give you 10 million marry me, she wrote. ALSOWATCH|Katrina Kaif, Kartik Aaryan, Dia Mirza at press meet ahead of IIFA awards 2020  Some even chided the user for asking just for a reply, suggesting she could have asked for love. @memer_._queen abeeee auratttt... Bhai bolke kon maangta h yar reply kya miss krdia yr tune.. paise deke hi mangna tha kch to thoda pyar maang leti, wrote a fan. Last seen in Imtiaz Alis Love Aaj Kal 2 opposite Sara Ali Khan, Kartik is currently working on Bhool Bhulaiyya sequel, tentatively titled Bhool Bbhulaiyya 2. A sequel to Akshay Kumar-Vidya Balans 2007 psychological thriller, the film also stars Kiara Advani and the two actors have been sharing pictures and videos from their shooting. While the first film was directed by Priyadarshan, the sequel is being helmed by Anees Bazmee. Also read:Rohit Shetty unfollows Katrina Kaif on Instagram days after his nobody will notice Katrina comment Kartik also has Karan Johars Dostana 2 where he will be seen alongside Janhvi Kapoor. The movie is a sequel to Abhishek Bachchan, Priyanka Chopra and John Abraham starrer 2008 flick. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 13, 2020 10:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/guzar-jayega-kapil-sharma-raveena-tandon-feature-in-motivational-track-voiced-by-amitabh-bachchan-watch/story-N2ta0NwiWchgd3HyVDRIaL.html</url>
<title>Guzar Jayega: Kapil Sharma, Raveena Tandon feature in motivational track voiced by Amitabh Bachchan, watch</title>
<body >Over 80 artistes, including Amitabh Bachchan, Manoj Bajpayee, Ekta Kapoor and Shreya Ghoshal have come together for the track Guzar Jayega, which aims at spreading hope amid the coronavirus pandemic. The anthem, narrated by Bachchan, also features comedian Kapil Sharma, actors Raveena Tandon, Sunny Leone and singers Sonu Nigam, Shreya Ghoshal and Shaan. The song is composed by Jazim Sharma with lyrics penned by Siddhanth Kaushal. Watch Guzar Jayega here These are testing and difficult times, we all have come together to instil hope and courage through this song Guzar Jayega, we are in this together and this too shall pass, stay home and stay safe, Leone said in a statement.   Shreya said nothing encapsulates the current emotions like Bachchans voiceover in the video, which says, Its just time, it shall pass.  We will have a plethora of emotions to indulge in, and realise theres always a greater sunrise after the darkest of nights. I am happy to be a part of the song where everyone has come together for a communication this to shall pass, the singer said. Ekta said tough times can be handled well when the entire industry is coming together for a cause and the initiative brought in everyone as one India to portray we will win. Brain child of Varun Prabhudayal Gupta and Jay Verma, the track also brings together sports personalities including Sania Mirza, Vijendra Singh, Sushil Kumar, Mahesh Bhupati, Bhaichung Bhutia and Leander Paes. Also read: Sushmita Sens boyfriend Rohman Shawl turns fitness trainer for her daughters Renee, Alisah. Watch With whats happening around us, Jay and I came up with this thought and felt that people needed some hope and a sense of unity, in these testing times, and that is exactly the message behind Guzar Jayega. This is the first time in world history that 50 singers and 55 personalities from various fields have united and come forward to support a cause, Varun said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 11:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/name-of-elon-musk-grimes-s-son-is-no-longer-x-ae-a-12-because-roman-numerals-look-better/story-7eXDhFPqthsyhdRJL6quVN.html</url>
<title>Name of Elon Musk, Grimess son is no longer  X AE A-12 because Roman numerals look better</title>
<body >Elon Musk and her girlfriend Grimes have decided to change the unusual name of their baby and he will now be known as X AE A-Xii Musk from the earlier name X AE A-12 Musk. The tweak in the name essentially turns the number 12 into its Roman numeral equivalent, XII. Roman numerals. Looks better tbh, Grimes said. A Twitter user asked Grimes: Did you change the baby name because of Californian laws ? What is the babys new name? X  A-Xii wrote the singer in response. Musk already has five children -- Griffin and Xavier, and triplets Damian, Saxon and Kai -- as well as a son, Nevada, who died as an infant. Earlier this month, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Musk announced the birth of the baby boy in a post on Twitter, revealing his son was called X AE A-12 Musk. AE is the Elven spelling of AI, which is shorthand for artificial intelligence and the word for love in several languages, including Japanese. The A in the name also represents Archangel, which Grimes described as her favourite song. X, the unknown variable. AE, my elven spelling of AI (love amp;/or Artificial intelligence), A-12 precursor to SR-17 (our favourite aircraft). No weapons, no defenses, just speed. Great in battle, but non-violent + (A=Archangel, my favourite song), Grimes posted. Musk posted a photo of the baby through a tattoo/eyelash filter. Never too young for some ink, he joked in a follow-up tweet. Grimes, 32, whose real name is Claire Boucher, announced she was pregnant in January on Instagram. She shared a topless photo of herself with a baby bump and wrote in the caption that being knocked up is a very feral  war-like state of being. The Canadian singer also revealed she does not want to gender her baby, saying they can decide their fate and identity on their own accord.  </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/a-heartwarming-note-by-this-sibling-duo-is-bound-to-make-you-cry/story-O9psNQxwPvFz4y0wWigxfP.html</url>
<title>A heartwarming note by this sibling duo is bound to make you cry</title>
<body >People from all over the world are fighting against the ongoing pandemic, including many tiny tots. From sewing PPE kits to donating funds, the kids are doing their part to help the adults in this war against the virus. The Internet has brought forth one such story all the way from Rochester, Minnesota. A small note from two siblings has caught peoples attention after being posted on Twitter by their father Ryan Stevens and it is now making netizens laud the duo. In the posts caption, Stevens, who works at Mayo Clinic, wrote that one day while grabbing lunch, he came across a note written by the kids. The dad also explained that previously his kids had asked him how much hospital beds and ventilators cost. The note, written in carefully worded sentences, is what left Stevens teary-eyed and theres a chance that youll feel the same too. Dear Mayo clinic employees. My sister and I would like to donate $__ to you to help get new beds and ventilators. We hope it is enough money, reads the note. Heres the picture of the note which might make you misty-eyed too: Posted on May 21, the photo has garnered over 12,400 likes and much praise from netizens. People were surprised by the kind gesture of the kids and commented how the little ones had zero idea how expensive ventilators are. The inherent goodness of children can be overwhelming sometimes in the best of ways, writes a Twitter user. Tears of joy and pride for great parenting! comments another. Bless these little angels. Their each penny will be a good luck, says a third. When you know you raised your kids right says a fourth. What are your thoughts on this heartwarming note? </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 19:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/pune-news/in-action-plan-to-reopen-tulshibaug-business-and-shopping-will-not-override-safety/story-BhTPWyYOHDDADfAzjTF9kM.html</url>
<title>In action plan to reopen Punes Tulshibaug, business and shopping will not override safety</title>
<body >On any given day, Tulshibaug market on Bajirao road teems with action. However, the last two months have been an exception, as Covid-19 (coronavirus) cast a shadow over the market. Businesses are making a comeback as the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is easing the lockdown restrictions and Punes iconic Tulshibaug market will reopen in a few days, said officials. Nitin Pandit, secretary Tulshibaug shop owners association said, We had a meeting with the PMC commissioner last week and will submit our action plan to reopen the market. There are 300 shops and 300 hawkers registered at Tulshibaug. The market has six lanes. One lane will have 10 shops open, five on each side with proper social distancing. So 60 shops will be open and one shop will get a chance to be open twice a week, he said. We will keep sanitiser stands outside all shops. Security guards will be present at the entrance of the lanes, where thermal screening will take place. Shops will be open from 10am to 7pm. Shop owners will not allow workers residing in containment zones to enter the market. The market will open in the next three to four days after a final meeting with the commissioner, added Pandit. Vinayak Kadam, vice-president of Tulshibaug small shops and hawkers association said, We are not going to start our hawkers business immediately, to avoid overcrowding. We will look at the response to the shop owners and what all precautions they are taking, and then slowly we will also start our business. PMC commissioner Shekhar Gaikwad said, I have met with the association. Once they share their plan, we will study it and if feasible to give some relaxations to open the market. Norms will have to be followed curb the virus spread. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/high-mortality-rate-at-pune-s-sassoon-continues-to-remain-an-issue-even-after-change-of-guard/story-2fc9RjmIWLpRToqDGy2qSO.html</url>
<title>High mortality Covid rate at Punes Sassoon continues to remain an issue</title>
<body >Pune: Sassoon General Hospital, under focus for high mortality rate during April, continues to report higher number of Covid-19 deaths. According to statistics shared by the health department, the government-run hospital has mortality rate of 35.42% as on May 26 even as the Pune Municipal Corporation figure remains at 5.09%. Dr Ajay Chandanwale, the hospital dean, was transferred to Mumbai as joint director, directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) on April 17. Dr Chandanwale was replaced by Dr Murlidhar Tambe as the acting dean of BJ Medical College and Sassoon General Hospital. The hospital administration has been maintaining from the beginning that most patients who were admitted came at a very critical stage. According to Pune divisional commissioner Deepak Mhaisekar, of the 264 Covid deaths in Pune, 89% had pre-existing ailments while 11% did not have any other illness. Most of them who died after contracting Covid were senior citizens, said Mhaisekar. On the high mortality rate, Mhaisekar said, the Sassoon mortality rate had peaked in the middle of April and things are relatively better now. It is true that the mortality rate at Sassoon as compared to other hospitals is high as maximum number of critical patients are visiting the hospital. According to Mhaisekar, of the 125 patients who are critical and in ICU, 47 are in Sassoon alone. As of May 25, Pune reported 5,181 progressive positive cases out of which 2,182 were active and still admitted in hospitals. The city also reported 264 deaths and as of Monday, there were 179 critical patients. Out of these Sassoon hospital alone had reported 446 positive cases out of which 158 are still in hospital as active cases and out of those 57 are in critical condition. Out of the 264 deaths reported in PMC limits, 139 were reported from Sassoon alone. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/pune-news/pune-radio-telescope-helps-discover-new-class-of-powerful-astronomical-explosions/story-HsJCXqwchBYY42zVi2p1VL.html</url>
<title>Pune radio telescope helps discover new class of powerful astronomical explosions</title>
<body >The Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope (GMRT) near Pune, operated by the National Centre for Radio Astrophysics of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (NCRA-TIFR), has helped a team of international scientists discover a new class of powerful astronomical explosions caused by a Fast Blue Optical Transient (FBOT) named CSS161010. .While supernova- the super-powerful explosion of a star- is the biggest explosion seen by humans- the discovery of the FBOT named CSS161010 in late 2016, and follow-up radio and X-ray observations, revealed that it is more powerful than a normal supernova, NCRA scientist Poonam Chandra said at a press conference here on Tuesday. What makes these luminous FBOTs unique is they prima facie look like supernova explosions, but flare up and vanish much faster. Theyre also extremely hot, hence appear more blue in color than the standard supernovae, the NCRA scientist said. This FBOT can eject large amount of material into space-- 1 to 10 percent the mass of the Sun-- at speeds close to half the speed of light, thus proving to be a new class of transient, she said. CSS161010 is the second closest FBOT and lies at a distance of around 500 million light years, said Deanne Coppejans, a postdoctoral fellow at Northwestern University. Data from the GMRT along with the Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array (VLA) at Soccorro, New Mexico and the Chandra X-Ray Telescope deployed on the space shuttle Columbia, was used for the research into this astronomical discovery. The GMRT provided the most crucial measurement at low radio frequencies to estimate the speed of the ejected material. This is only the second such highly-luminous transient known and this discovery establishes a new class of transients with extremely powerful central engine, Chandra said. She along with A. J. Nayana, represented NCRA-TIFR and worked together with Deanne Coppejans and R. Margutti from Northwestern University; Mari-Ela Chock from W.M. Keck Observatory and several others. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/maharashtra-govt-permits-demolition-of-two-flyovers-in-pune/story-JpZ33vPEpuzoU5HxJjtwMM.html</url>
<title>Maharashtra govt permits demolition of two flyovers in Pune</title>
<body >The Maharashtra government on Tuesday issued the final orders for the demolition of two flyovers in Pune to facilitate work on the high capacity mass transit route (HCMTR). The two flyovers at Ganeshkhind near Savitribai Phue Pune University (SPPU) chowk will be demolished as per order issued by the State urban development department to Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and Pune Metropolitan Regional Development Authority (PMRDA). The two integrated flyovers with three exits were constructed in 2006 at a cost of RS 150 crore. The new flyover will cost around Rs 240 crore which will be shared by the PMC and PMRDA, said city engineer Vivek Kharwadkar. The PMCs standing committee followed by the general body would need to approve this demolition order, after which the process will start. A 1.5 km long new flyover will be built in its place with an alignment to the ShivajinagarHinjewadi Metro rail corridor and the High Capacity Mass Transit Route (HCMTR) project. The old flyover for vehicles had exits to Baner, Pashan and Aundh. Giving details, Kharwadkar, said, the existing flyover did not address the traffic jam issues and the difficulties faced by pedestrians at the SPPU chowk. We are now going to make a new development plan for the new flyover of 1.5 km in which public transport and pedestrian movement will be given highest importance. The vehicular movement towards Aundh and Pashan will also be smooth, he said. Kharwadkar said that the state government has advised that the demolition and construction of the new flyover be undertaken by Tata Siemens. The governments decision to demolish the flyover and construct a new one in its place was criticised by traffic and transportation activist Sujit Patwardhan, founder of the voluntary organisation, Parisar. We have written to chief minister Uddhav Thackeray about our concerns on building this new flyover, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/what-if-a-player-tests-positive-on-day-2-of-a-match-rahul-dravid-questions-bio-secure-environment-idea/story-xzmEXcMy0b2hCNRPTqGHsN.html</url>
<title>What if a player tests positive on Day 2 of a match: Rahul Dravid questions bio-secure environment idea</title>
<body >Former India captain Rahul Dravid feels the ambition to resume cricket in a bio-secure environment is unrealistic, giving a thumbs down to the concept primarily floated by the England and Wales Cricket Board. Seeking to restart its cricket season after weeks of inactivity owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB recently announced that it would have in place bio-secure venues to host Pakistan and the West Indies later this summer. But batting great Dravid is not convinced with the concept. It is a bit unrealistic to have things at the level, the ECB is talking about. Obviously, the ECB is very keen to conduct these series because they have had no other cricket..., Dravid said during a webinar conducted in support of YUVA, a non-profit organisation. Also Read | Never thought Id see an Indian pacer execute nine out of 10 yorkers Even if they are potentially able to create a bubble and manage it in that way, I think it will be impossible for everyone to do it with the kind of calendar that we have, with the travelling that you do on tours and the number of people involved, he added. Not just the ECB, even South Africa has suggested that the scheduled tour by India can be tried out in a bio-secure environment. All of us are hoping that things will evolve with time and get better once we have better medication.    In case of the bio-bubble, you do all the testing, the quarantine and then on day two of the Test match, what if one player tests positive? What happens then? The rules, as they stand now, will see the Public Health Department coming in and putting everyone in quarantine.   That will mean an abrupt end to proceedings in the Test match. Also Read | What sort of friendship is this: Pak spinner slams Afridi for speech in PoK ...that ends all the expenses that were made to get everyone there and create that environment. Were going to have to work with the Health Department and Government authorities to find out a way in which even if a player tests positive, the whole tournament isnt cancelled, Dravid, who heads the National Cricket Academy, added. Cricket, like all other global sports, has come to a screeching halt owing to the pandemic that originated in the Chinese city of Wuhan in Hubei province. Players have been confined to their homes due to the lockdowns enforced to contain the pandemic. At a professional level, players will adjust and not let it affect their performances much. A professional, once he or she gets on to the field, has a lot of pride in oneself. Also Read | Please not against us, do it vs Pak, WI: Lees request for India opener So they will find a way to deal with that. But the experience at the end of the day is not going to be the same.   He said sportspersons will definitely miss the experience of performing in front of packed stands if sport goes behind closed door. Players love to perform in front of a crowd, engage with their fans and that adds incredible complexity to a sport. I think thats what a player will definitely miss. There is a personal self-satisfaction when you perform in front of a large crowd.   Dravid advised the players to only focus on things that are within their control, like ways to regain their skills after such a long and unforseen hiatus. As sportsmen, we are used to dealing with a lot of  uncertainty during our careers. Everything doesnt fall into place. You tend to get scared and worried about stuff but I think one of the things that I would have done is think about things I can control. All you can control is your preparation, practice, emotional and mental well-being. You cannot control your results or performances...maybe it would take a bit of time to catch up to their original skill level. But that wont take long. It is just like riding a bicycle. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/the-taste-with-vir-the-unloved-restaurant-business/story-FPhvMA6gzW5DtV447W6IhI.html</url>
<title>The Taste with Vir: The unloved restaurant business</title>
<body >When the lockdown first started, the restaurant business knew it was in trouble. At that time, nobody thought the lockdown would last this long. Or that, even after the lockdown was lifted, restaurants would not be allowed to re-open. But they had two reasons for hope. Both came from the experience of other countries. All over the world, governments have stepped in to help restaurants survive. It was not unreasonable to expect that something similar would happen here. The restaurant association NRAI, a body that has mainly distinguished itself over the last year or so by genuflecting to the Modi government while simultaneously fighting pointless battles with Zomato over discounting (remember the glorious era when restaurants could threaten to log out?), lobbied the authorities for some assistance. To their shock and surprise, the government told them, in effect, to drop dead. The second hope for the restaurant sector --- again, based on global experience --- was take-away/delivery. Abroad, restaurants have learned how to re-invent their food so that it can be delivered to peoples homes. Even Michelin three star restaurants are now offering delivery, a situation that is unprecedented. Revenues from sending meals out do not, in any way, match up to the money that the global restaurant sector earned when it was fully operational. But between takeaway and government assistance, the sector was able to at least pay some salaries. In the UK and the US the restaurant sector is loved by the public so there is a determined effort, backed by popular pressure, to keep it going. In India, on the other hand, there is no widespread public sympathy for restaurants. I have tried hard, on social media, to speak up for restaurants but my efforts have usually been met with indifference or outright hostility. I dont know why this should be so. Perhaps it is because restaurants have done too little to endear themselves to the public at large. Instead they have fought useless battles over the right to collect a service charge that they dont necessarily pass on to their employees. Or perhaps it is because they have devoted too much time to bragging about how they will refuse to give discounts to customers. (You have to be really foolish to believe that such a campaign will make your customers love you.) For whatever reason, Indias restaurant sector does not command the kind of public affection that restaurants in other countries do. So there is no public backing for their demand for government assistance. And delivery has been a hard sell. From all accounts, take-away/delivery revenues are down between 70 to 80 per cent. Partly this is because 60 to 70 per cent of the supply has been disrupted by restaurant closures. But the situation is bad enough for both Zomato and Swiggy to have to lay off employees. There is a fundamental problem with the idea of delivery in these times. Indians do not believe, at a gut level, that it is safe. Yes, delivery from a five star hotel may be regarded as safe --- but how many of us can afford five star prices? At the level of the standalone restaurants, the sector has failed to win the trust of Indians. (Just as it has failed to win their loyalty or affection.) Simply put, Indians dont trust the sector to be careful about hygiene. Ive gone mad trying to explain, in article after article and tweet after tweet, that delivery food is usually quite safe. Certainly science is on the side of the restaurants. Contrary to what many (most, even) people think, Covid is not spread by food. It is a respiratory disease which spreads when the virus enters the respiratory tract. There is no such thing as a Covid-infected rogan josh or Chicken Manchurian . Even if a guy who is Covid-positive makes your food, the virus can enter the food only from his respiratory tract. This is possible: assume he sneezes into the dekchi while cooking. But even then, if you reheat the food, the virus will die. There is no way you can be infected by food that you have reheated or twirled in the micro-wave. Everywhere else in the world, people get this. In India, we refuse to accept it. When you explain this to people and they cant find a logical argument against it, they come up with other objections. What about the guy who delivers it to your door? Suppose he is Covid-positive? Well, even then, he will probably be wearing a mask and gloves so it would be very hard for him to infect you unless you ripped his mask off and kissed him passionately on the mouth. Either way, he cant infect the food. And he is as much of a risk to you as the guy who comes to deliver your Amazon packages, your groceries etc. So why single out the food delivery guy? The other great objection relates to packaging. There are studies (through this in itself has now been disputed) that say that the virus can survive for several hours on smooth surfaces. (Is it still infectious in this form and for how long?Thats another controversy.) Assume that you believe that the packaging is infectious, well then, just throw it away and wash your hands with soap and water. Thats what people everywhere else in the world do. The soap will destroy any virus you may have picked up from the package. Because there are few compelling arguments against the science, people have now started demanding impossible standards of the restaurant industry; standards that they would not expect of say, Amazon or a grocery service. Can the restaurant guarantee that everyone involved at all stages of the process from cooking the food to delivering it is Covid negative? The short answer is no. Nobody can guarantee that. Something like 70 per cent of people who are Covid positive are asymptomatic. They dont have fever. They dont display any respiratory systems. And in many cases, nobody even notices that they ever had Covid because the body fights the disease off. Restaurants recognize this and insist that everyone wears masks, gloves etc. so that asymptomatic carriers do not pass on the infection. There is no sure way of identifying all asymptomatic carriers, even in shops, hospital lobbies or planes because they will pass any thermal screening test. All you can do is work on the assumption that everyone is a potential carrier, which is how restaurant cooking and take-away services function. Inevitably, there will be a few asymptomatic carriers among delivery boys and people who work in kitchens. It is extremely unlikely that they will pass the infection to the food. And if you reheat the food before serving, then even that danger is eliminated. But such is our irrational fear of Covid that most Indians refuse to accept this. We hear the word Covid and imagine the worst. How we will cope with life in the weeks ahead --- the government has said that we will have to live with Covid  worries me, given how foolish and knee-jerk our panic reactions are. It is because of this ignorance that the delivery sector is in trouble. One pizza delivery boy in Delhi caused panic a few weeks ago when he tested positive. The super-clean and super-sanitized kitchens of O Pedro and Yautcha in Mumbai suffered when an employee at each place was found positive. The worrying thing is that criminals are now exploiting the panic. I have been getting WhatsApp forwards asking me to avoid my local Defence Colony market on the grounds that it is a hotbed of infection. As far as I know, there have been two confirmed cases in the market that should concern us. The owner of a shop tested positive. And at Sagar Ratna, a senior chef tested positive. The shop owner was transparent about his condition. I asked Sagar Ratna about their case and they said that it was a older chef who had not been on the cooking range. That has not stopped the rumour mill from spewing out WhatsApp forwards with dire warnings about Defence Colony market. Over the weekend Sagar Ratna filled a police complaint about WhatsApp forwards. These forwards claimed that 40 delivery boys from Sagar Ratna had tested positive. According to the Sagar Ratna complaint, the restaurant had been blackmailed by somebody who threatened to send out these WhatsApp messages unless they were paid off. Sagar didnt pay (it doesnt even have 40 delivery boys!) and the campaign began, causing immense damage to business. Already there are whispers among restaurateurs that similar threats have been made to others in the sector: pay up or we portray your restaurant as Covid-infected on social media. This is a desperately scary situation because I am not sure the police have the time or resources to track down every WhatsApp blackmailer. And such is the public paranoia that we are not only ready to believe such WhatsApp lies but are only too willing to forward them to our friends. When the Covid nightmare ends and when the restaurant industry (probably a much reduced industry) gets its act together again, these are the battles it should fight instead of the ones it has wasted its time on over the last two years. And it should ask itself why it has so little public support unlike its counterparts in other countries. To read more on The Taste With Vir, click here Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/elon-musk-and-grimes-change-their-son-s-name-a-bit-memes-remain-hilarious-though/story-lrrTXD94M2MKJpEA0BFT2M.html</url>
<title>Elon Musk and Grimes change their sons name, a bit. Memes remain hilarious though</title>
<body >Elon Musk previously announced that his newborn sons name is X  A-12. From creative memes to questions about the names pronunciation, Twitter landed into a tizzy after the announcement. Turns out, the situation is repeating itself as the kid has now got a new name. However, it has also created a wave of confusion among people, followed by hilarious memes. Wondering what is the new name? Its X  A-Xii. Let that sink in! An Instagram user on a post by Grimes, the mother of the baby, inquired about the toddlers new name. They wrote, Did you change the baby name because of Californian laws? What is the babys new name? To which the singer responded with X  A-Xii. In the same comment she also replied, Roman numerals. Looks better tbh. This unusual moniker now has sparked Twitters creativity and they have shared all sorts of comments. While some are still surprised and confused, others took the opportunity to share some memes. A Twitter user imagined what kind of vehicle Elon Musks son would choose and came up with this: X  A-XII (formerly X  A-12) will be rolling into high school in one of these bad boys when he gets his learner's pic.twitter.com/zHSazg1Fi9 Halo Plasmaposting (@Plasmaposting) May 26, 2020 X  A-XII (formerly X  A-12) will be rolling into high school in one of these bad boys when he gets his learner's pic.twitter.com/zHSazg1Fi9 Another user of the micro-blogging site was not so happy with the change. Elon Musk and Grimes really think they did something by changing their childs name from X AE A-12 to X  A-Xii, they tweeted and shared this GIF. Elon Musk and Grimes really think they did something by changing their child's name from "X AE A-12" to "X  A-Xii". pic.twitter.com/sxzRxUI2YP Wiseling (@WiselingYT) May 26, 2020 Elon Musk and Grimes really think they did something by changing their child's name from "X AE A-12" to "X  A-Xii". pic.twitter.com/sxzRxUI2YP An imaginative Twitter user painted an image of how X  A-Xii will be introduced in class: Teacher: Hey class, we have a new student!Class: Oh, what's his name?Teacher: X A E A dash Xii I believe...oh there he is!X  A-Xii: Hi, my name is X  A-Xii! Call me Ash. pic.twitter.com/ygfce9fT5K hadi (@hadihammoud__) May 26, 2020 Teacher: Hey class, we have a new student!Class: Oh, what's his name?Teacher: X A E A dash Xii I believe...oh there he is!X  A-Xii: Hi, my name is X  A-Xii! Call me Ash. pic.twitter.com/ygfce9fT5K Many asked that how does one pronounce this new name. Expressing the same notion, a Twitter user tweeted: okay but fr how tf do you pronounce X  A-Xii i have a headache just looking at it pic.twitter.com/jn4ZOgLSYI grace (@voguechImt) May 25, 2020 okay but fr how tf do you pronounce X  A-Xii i have a headache just looking at it pic.twitter.com/jn4ZOgLSYI Another Twitter user tried to guess the reaction of the kid on this name change: X  A-12 *finds out his parents can't put his name X  A-12 * :  They change it to X  A-XII: pic.twitter.com/DijU7L4xSv ana (@1drinkamy) May 25, 2020 X  A-12 *finds out his parents can't put his name X  A-12 * :  They change it to X  A-XII: pic.twitter.com/DijU7L4xSv Elon Musks son was previously named X  A-12. During a podcast interview, Musk revealed that ts pronounced as X-Ash-A-Twelve. Also Read | What would Elon Musk name you? This website may have the answer </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 12:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-s-covid-19-tally-over-1-45-lakh-death-toll-at-4-167/story-unQSC4EEiDo871pSKswJeM.html</url>
<title>Indias Covid-19 tally over 1.45 lakh, death toll at 4,167</title>
<body >India reported 145,380 cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) after 6,535 new infections were reported between Monday and Tuesday morning, the Union health ministry said. The health ministry data at 8am showed that 146 people, down from 154 fatalities on Monday morning, also died after contracting Covid-19. So far, 4,167 people have succumbed to the disease. The number of people who have recovered so far stood at 60,490, it said. More than half of the numbers come from four states. Maharashtra has 52,667 cases of the coronavirus disease and Tamil Nadu has the second-highest number of patients in the country with 17,082 people infected so far. Gujarat has 14,460 people who have been infected by Sars-Cov-2, the virus that causes Covid-19 till date and Delhis tally has jumped to 14,053. With a rising number of cases, more than 6,500 every day since the last four days, India now is the tenth most affected country by the coronavirus pandemic after the United States, Brazil, Russia, United Kingdom, Spain, Italy, France, Germany. India had overtaken Iran to become the 10th biggest hot spot of the pathogen, which has rapidly swept the globe. More than 5.49 million people have been infected and 346,232 have died across the world, according to Johns Hopkins Covid-19 tracker. The US has recorded a further 532 deaths from Covid-19, bringing the toll to 98218, with 16,62,375 cases of the virus, far more than any other nation. The rise in numbers come on the ninth day of the fourth phase of the lockdown, which is scheduled to end on May 31, as India has eased restrictions considerably including allowing domestic air travel. The Indian Council of Medical Researchs (ICMR) said it has collected around 24,000 blood samples from 60 districts in 21 states over the past two weeks for a sero-survey or a test of blood serum to check for exposure to the Sars-Cov-2 virus in the general population. The states from where samples were taken are Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, UP, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, West Bengal, and Jammu  Kashmir. Additionally, about 5,000 samples have been picked from 10 hotspot cities with maximum caseload: Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Thane, Pune, Indore, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Aurangabad. The first batch of about 70% samples was dispatched to a central lab in Tamil Nadu for analysis on Sunday, and the results are expected in about three weeks. This community-based survey will hold the key for getting several vital clues on the disease trend, testing and so on, experts said. Apart from the sero-survey, the Union health ministry has a hospital-based active surveillance plan using reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) tests among healthcare workers, outpatient department patients, and pregnant women in all districts. At least 10 hospitalssix public and four privatewill be selected from each district for the sampling, with an overall target of lifting 800 samples a month. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/sharad-pawar-s-fascinating-sense-of-history/story-ck9Tj4auzuXtmGTMgoCTFP.html</url>
<title>Sharad Pawars fascinating sense of history | Opinion</title>
<body >There is really no one quite like Sharad Pawar  whether in the art of politics or the knowledge of Maharashtra. Last week some young journalists who had been assigned to cover his renomination to the Rajya Sabha were privileged to hear him speak on the birth anniversary celebrations of four former Maharashtra stalwarts, including former chief minister SB Chavan and former minister Dr Rafiq Zakaria. Through their lives, Pawar took them on a fascinating and electrifying journey across 60 years of Maharashtra that had them spellbound and reeling at his knowledge and sense of history. Sense of history. That is the key to Pawars stewardship of Maharashtra over the years. Veteran journalist Kumar Ketkar, now a Rajya Sabha MP, believes he is the singular leader in Maharashtra with not just a sense of history, but also proportion that could be relied upon to make a lasting difference to the fortunes of the state. Pawar, often described as the prime minister India never had, is the only one who can rescue the state but wont, Ketkar told me during the Devendra Fadnavis years when Pawar was almost in semi-retirement, because he is deeply disappointed and frustrated at the people letting him down  the NCP was never voted in sufficient numbers for Pawar to make a bid for the top job in the country and so he sulks and does little for the state any longer, Ketkar had opined. But even if that were true, Pawar has still left a lasting and indelible impression on the lives of the people of Maharashtra, surpassed by few either before or after him and can be forgiven for his recent indifference. Never mind his unreliability (betraying mentor YB Chavan, splitting the Congress not once but twice) his policies both in government and in opposition have become benchmarks for both the state and the nation. Soon after he ceased to be chief minister the first time, he forced the Maharashtra government to raise the minimum support prices for farmers in the early 1980s through a dindi march that unnerved then chief minister AR Antulay. This march on foot was copied by other farmers leaders, albeit using four-wheelers, like Devi Lal of Haryana and Surjit Singh Barnala of Punjab, that got the ball rolling nationally, compelling the union government to raise the MSP for farmers across the country. Then he was the only chief minister who had the courage to correct a historical wrong to Dalits by renaming the Marathwada University after Dr B R Ambedkar. When bitter riots broke out at that attempt during his first term as chief minister, he tried to rope in former chief ministers SB Chavan and Vasantdada Patil for support. While the former simply vanished (rather than face the flak of upper caste Marathas), the latter was cold to the proposal. So Pawar decided to bide his time for a decade or more before taking an unpopular decision (during his last term as CM) that even today keeps the Congress and the NCP alienated from the Marathas of that region but has socially integrated the Dalits. He also had the gumption to financially take on sugar barons and offer women in the villages the right to shut down liquor stores if these were affecting the lives of more than half the households in any particular village. This meant commercial losses to the sugar factories which then could not find any end use for their molasses. Today, the anti-liquor policy is the only one of its kind anywhere in the world and has made a remarkable difference to the lives of the women in Maharashtras villages. When it came to government formation in Maharashtra last year, Pawar finally rescued the state from the clutches of those who were skewering its social harmony in recent years. Friends and foes alike are convinced that his nephew Ajit Pawars 80-hour adventure with Fadnavis was not just encouraged by his uncle but actually orchestrated by the senior Pawar in order to have the Presidents rule lifted as painlessly as possible. Clearly, Pawars love of Maharashtra overcame any frustration or disappointment he may have had at being let down by the people. History will smile upon him forever for that reason alone. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 18, 2020 07:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-bihar-10th-result-2020-expected-in-a-day-or-two-here-s-list-of-websites-to-check/story-oBWAc4g1ZcGZMGwccBJYyO.html</url>
<title>Bihar BSEB Matric result 2020 soon: List of websites to check the Bihar Board 10th results</title>
<body >Bihar BSEB Matric result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) is expected to declare the Bihar board 10th results 2020 in a day or two. According to some media reports, BSEB can declare the Bihar 10th results on Wednesday or Thursday. However there is no official confirmation regarding the date of declaration of Bihar board matric results till now. Candidates are advised to keep their admit cards ready so that they can key in their login credentials, including roll number, registration number and roll code to check their BSEB matric result online. This year around 15 lakh students had appeared for the matric exam. BSEB official had earlier told Hindustan Times that the results will be declared anytime after May 20. The evaluation process of matric answersheets was completed last week and the board is about to wrap up the toppers verification process. Usually the board takes 2 to 3 days for toppers verification and declares the result immediately after that. Here we are providing you a list of websites to check Bihar board 10th results 2020 online after they are declared: www.biharboardonline. bihar.gov.in Www.biharboard.ac.in Www.biharboard.online Candidates can also register for the latest alert and update of BSEB Bihar 10th result 2020 here. The registered candidates will get an instant alert as soon as the Bihar Board results are declared. How to check BSEB matric result 2020: Visit official website as mentioned above. Click on the link that reads Bihar matric result 2020 flashing on the homepage. A login page will appear. Key in your login credentials including your roll number roll code registration number and submit. Your Bihar board matric result 2020 will appear on the screen. Download and take its print out. </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 18:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-here-s-how-to-check-the-result-online-after-it-is-declared/story-wLJ2bO3aRQoBvTViHwIIpM.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Heres how to check the result online after it is declared</title>
<body >Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB)is expected to declare the Bihar Board class 10th exam 2020 soon. A board official on Tuesday told Hindustan team that it might take a couple of days to declare the results. Around 15 lakh students who have taken the BSEBclass 10th exam that was conducted from February 3 to 13 are anxiously waiting for their results. Currently, the board is busy in verification process of top 10 rank holders. A panel of subject experts rechecks the copies of the toppers and conducts an interview in order to verify the genuineness of the toppers. As soon as the verification of toppers is completed, the board will announce the Bihar Board 10th result. The Bihar Board matric result 2020 will be declared online. Here we will tell you how to check the results online after it is declared. To get the latest alert and update of BSEBBihar Board class 10th result 2020 candidates can register here for free. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Register to get BSEBmatric instant result alert and direct link here The registered candidates will get an alert on their mobile number via SMS and on their email ID when the result is declared. They will get a link to check the result updates in the alert message. The BSEB 10th result 2020 will be declared on these websites: www.biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in www.biharboard.online www.biharboard.ac.in How to check Bihar Board 10th result 2020 online: Visit any of the official website of Bihar Board result Click on the link that reads Bihar Board matric result 2020 A login page will appear Key in your login credentials including roll number, roll code, registration number and submit Your Bihar Board matric result 2020 will appear on the screen Download and take its print out. </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 10:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/hrithik-roshan-impressed-with-innovative-fan-art-that-shows-his-transformation-from-kaho-naa-pyaar-hai-to-war-watch/story-AYobpOHiByxyxexNwQDHPI.html</url>
<title>Hrithik Roshan impressed with innovative fan art that shows his transformation from Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai to War. Watch</title>
<body >Actor Hrithik Roshan on Sunday shared a fan-made video of the various memorable characters he has played  over the years. It features his looks from films like Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai , Jodha Akbar and to the more recent, War. The slide shows Hrithiks looks changing with every transparent slide being superimposed on a drawing of his face. Sharing it, Hrithik wrote: Nicely done Mr. RK.aadil. Thank you for this. A number of his industry colleagues reacted to it. Preity Zinta said Wow ! Awesome while Nushrat Bharucha wrote So cool! View this post on Instagram           Nicely done Mr. RK.aadil. Thank you for this  A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on May 23, 2020 at 8:33am PDT Nicely done Mr. RK.aadil. Thank you for this  A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on May 23, 2020 at 8:33am PDT Hrithik, meanwhile, has been staying at home with his sons - Hrehaaan and Hridhaan and ex-wife Sussanne Khan through the lockdown. He has been posting interview videos and pictures of life through the lockdown. On Friday, he wrote on Intagram. 23 hour  fast.#HealthyLiving#Resilience#DisciplineEqualsFreedom. Along with it, Hrithik posted a seflie in which he is seen winking. Hrithik had shared some lockdown tips too with his fans. He suggested a daily dose of vitamin D to take care of mental health during quarantine. Also read: When Dharmendra broke down during Esha Deols vidaai, mother Hema Malini hugged her goodbye. Watch video Hrithik has been doing his bit to help the frontline workers in our fight against coronavirus. In early May, he had helped provide hand sanitisers for the Mumbai Police personnel. The police department had thanked the 46-year-old actor for the gesture and tweeted, Thank you @iHrithik for this thoughtful gesture of delivering hand sanitisers for Mumbai Police personnel on duty. We are grateful for your contribution towards safeguarding the health and safety of our frontline warriors. #MumbaiPoliceFoundation. Expressing gratitude to the police forces, the actor wrote in response to the tweet , My gratitude to our police forces, who have taken our safety in their hands. Stay safe. My love  respect to all in the line of duty. (With agencies inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 12:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-has-an-eid-surprise-for-fans-despite-radhe-release-getting-stalled-details-here/story-TK3SynpIwNR3uPdIpnLIcL.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan has an Eid surprise for fans despite Radhe release getting stalled. Details here</title>
<body >Over the years, the release of a Salman Khan film on Eid has become a tradition. Despite the coronavirus pandemic putting paid to his plans this year, the actor still has a special Eid treat planned for his fans -- he will release a special song on Monday. Since 2009, Salman has come out with a film on Eid every year, with the exception of 2013 -- Wanted (2009), Dabangg (2010), Bodyguard (2011), Ek Tha Tiger (2012), Kick (2014), Bajrangi Bhaijaan (2015), Sultan (2016), Tubelight (2017), Race 3 (2018) and Bharat (2019). While Salman had grand plans to release Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai on Eid 2020, he could not do so due to the mass closure of theatres amid the nationwide lockdown. Salman has already released two singles -- Pyaar Karona and Tere Bina -- during the lockdown. With Pyaar Karona, he advised listeners to be cautious and help the needy during the global pandemic through lyrics such as, Pyaar Karona, aitihaat rakhona, khayal rakhona, madad karona (Love, exercise caution, take care and help others). The lyrics of the song were written by Salman along with Hussain Dalal, while Sajid-Wajid composed it. Also see: Kuch Kuch Hota Hai fans cant keep calm as Archana Puran Singh aka Miss Braganza shares message for Anupam Khers Malhotra Salman featured alongside Jacqueline Fernandez in the music video of Tere Bina. The song was composed by Ajay Bhatia, with lyrics by Shabbir Ahmed and vocals by the actor himself. The video was shot entirely at Salmans Panvel farmhouse and the actor quipped that it was his cheapest production. We are used to shooting songs on very big productions, taking large amount of days for costume, hair, make-up and weeks of prep but all of a sudden we find ourselves working with a team of three people (Salman, Jacqueline and a DOP). For the first time I found myself checking lighting and moving props around. It was a great experience to know that you can use what comes your way and make the most of any situation, Jacqueline said, about her experience of shooting for the Tere Bina video. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 14:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/entertainment/salman-takes-potshots-at-bhansali/story-Q54J5Qe5ZZauRe8GDhSrsO.html</url>
<title>Salman takes potshots at Bhansali</title>
<body > Salman Khan is upset with his favourite director Sanjay Leela Bhansali. Referring to Bhansali's latest movie Guzaarish, Salman said, "Arre, usme toh makhi udd rahi thi, lekin koi machhar bhi nahi gaya dekhne. Arre, koi kutta bhi nahin gaya. The actor was attending a television awards ceremony on Monday evening, to felicitate physically handicapped achievers, reports Mumbai Mirror. But why's the actor miffed with Bhansali with whom he has done acclaimed movies like Khamoshi, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam and Saawariya? Guess we have the answer. Some time back, Salman gifted Sanjay Leela Bhansali a DVD of Christopher Nolans The Prestige. The idea of Guzaarish apparently cropped from there. But to Sallu's disappointment, Bhansali signed on Hrithik Roshan instead of him. When asked if he would have liked to do the film, he said: Nah. Apan Dabangg se khush hain. Sour grapes, eh? Cartoon: Tina the reporter </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 06, 2010 14:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/mrs-serial-killer-movie-review-jacqueline-fernandez-s-netflix-film-is-a-torturous-experience-one-of-the-worst-films-of-2020/story-29ON1C0J4EYHgsszbhkcZL.html</url>
<title>Mrs Serial Killer movie review: Jacqueline Fernandezs Netflix India film is more torturous than lockdown; one of the worst movies of 2020</title>
<body >Mrs Serial KillerDirector - Shirish KunderCast - Jacqueline Fernandez, Manoj Bajpayee, Mohit Raina Much before Mrs Serial Killer even begins killing, youd wish she just abandon going after her target and focus on you instead. Youd be willing to come quietly, without putting up any struggle at all. She could even torture you first; youll let her. If she messes up  as she tends to  and allows you to escape, youll return to her lair. This is a much better proposition than having to endure even a single extra minute of the new Netflix film, starring Jacqueline Fernandez and Manoj Bajpayee as a couple from hell. From the director of Joker (not that one) and the writer of Happy New Year (exactly the one youre thinking of), comes a film that somehow represents a career low for them both. Mrs Serial Killer has the emotional complexity and the progressive attitude of an Ekta Kapoor serial. At one point in the film, the least morally questionable character suggests that it is odd for an unmarried woman to visit a gynaecologist. Watch the Mrs Serial Killer trailer here I dont exaggerate when I say that each of its central characters is, to some degree, a psychopath. It is established fairly early on that all is not well with Sona, the woman Jacqueline plays. In one of the films opening scenes, Sona decides that the best way to tell her husband that she is pregnant is to pretend that her house has been broken into by a deviant while he is away. Like virtually every scene in the film, its staggeringly ill-conceived, forgive the pun. But little does poor Sona know that her husband will soon be embroiled in a Nithari-like case, after several dead bodies of unmarried pregnant girls are discovered, poorly hidden, at their sprawling Nainital house. With no lawyer willing to take on the case, Sona, who single-handedly seems to be pushing feminism three decades into the past and redefining what it means to be a doting wife, pays a visit to an advocate her gynaecologist husband once treated for some reason. Convinced that her husband is innocent, Sona drives up to the old lawyers mansion and discovers that hes on his deathbed, living out his final days in a room that looks like a Thai strip club. In one of the films earliest unintentionally hilarious moments, the lawyer surprises everyone by appearing for the first hearing via video call, without even informing the prosecution, the judge, or even his client that he was going to pull the stunt. After the initial hearing, the lawyer confesses that the evidence does indeed seem to be stacked against Sonas husband and comes up with the most preposterous idea. He tells Sona that to clear her husbands name, she must commit a copycat murder, so that everyone thinks that the killer is still out there. It came as somewhat of a surprise that Sona isnt even the protagonist of the film, with the men being given the meatier roles. Shes frighteningly passive as a person, always waiting to be told what to do, and gullible beyond belief. It doesnt help that Jacqueline delivers a poor performance, but in all honesty, even Meryl Streep would have a difficult time delivering some of these lines with a straight face. For instance, did Manoj Bajpayee ever imagine while filming the masterpiece Aligarh, that less than five years later hed appear in a film that would require him to yell the words I am not a f**king ice cream at the top of his voice? Probably not. Watching Bajpayee flail about in the role is sort of like catching an uncle of yours red-handed in a seedy part of town. You clock each other for a second, and silently agree to not breathe a word of it to anyone else. Youve both been caught in a compromised position. Also read: Guilty movie review: Karan Johar and Netflix atone for past sins, Kiara Advani is a revelation But while Jacqueline butchers the Hindi language, director Shirish Kunder displays a flagrant disregard for the language of cinema. Mrs Serial Killer has some of the worst greenscreen work Ive ever seen, and Kunders idea of symbolism seems to be restricted to arranging a piece of rope to look like you  the viewer  are being flipped off. And thats the overall emotion that Mrs Serial Killer leaves you with. Not only does it disrespect your intelligence, it pretends --for a brief time towards the end -- that it has been in on the joke all along. It has none of the tongue-in-cheek chuckles that producer Farah Khans Main Hoon Na did, but is, instead, a strong contender for one of the worst films of 2020. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: May 06, 2020 14:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ghost-stories-movie-review-janhvi-kapoor-and-sobhita-dhulipala-anchor-netflix-s-lacklustre-follow-up-to-lust-stories/story-gFMuNGlIGYSYf2PkynBgHK.html</url>
<title>Ghost Stories movie review: Janhvi Kapoor and Sobhita Dhulipala impress, Netflixs lacklustre Lust Stories follow-up doesnt</title>
<body >Ghost StoriesDirectors - Anurag Kashyap, Zoya Akhtar, Dibarkar Banerjee, Karan JoharCast - Janhvi Kapoor, Mrunal Thakur, Sobhita Dhulipala, Gulshan Devaiah, Surekha Sikri, Vijay Varma Like your neighbourhood aunty, Hindi cinema doesnt do horror. So its rather interesting to see four filmmakers who represent the broad spectrum of Hindi moviemaking, come together to experiment with a genre that the industry believes is best avoided. But unlike 2018s Lust Stories, and indeed, the filmmakers first anthology film together, 2013s Bombay Talkies, Netflixs Ghost Stories is an uneven and ultimately impotent affair. There are occasional moments of magic, especially in a couple of segments, but theyre inconsistent. It should be noted that none of the four filmmakers  Anurag Kashyap, Zoya Akhtar, Dibakar Banerjee and Karan Johar  has made a horror movie before. God knows Johar has scared audiences, but this time, hes expected to. Watch an interview with the Ghost Stories cast and filmmakers here Ghost Stories begins rather promisingly, though, with Akhtars technically impeccable short. Janhvi Kapoor plays Sameera, a nurse whos assigned to look after a senile old woman, played by Surekha Sikri. For a filmmaker whos expressed her apathy for horror, Akhtar does a splendid job of appropriating some of the genres most recognisable tropes  visually and tonally. Think of her film as an elaborate Halloween costume; you cant deny the effort and skill that must have gone into making it, but in the end, it cant help but feel slightly superficial. The film is wonderful to look at  the creaky old Mumbai apartment, set against the backdrop of incessant rains, is intricately designed  and Akhtar does an excellent job of laying out the geography of the place. So when a noise wakes Sameera up in the middle of the night, were subconsciously aware of where it might have come from. Akhtar puts us in her protagonists shoes, allowing us to feel what shes feeling, successfully sustaining dread in this age of jump-scare filmmaking. Its a fun tweak on that old babysitter-in-peril premise, but Sameera most certainly isnt a vapid, virginal victim. Janhvi instils in her an instant warmth, and even though her accent might not be as consistent as her performance, theres an effortless charm about her. Surekha Sikri, meanwhile, knows exactly the sort of film shes in, effectively alternating between her characters many moods with precision and restraint. But I struggled to understand the larger point Akhtar was trying to make, or if there even was any. This is unfortunate, especially if you remember the muffled voices she handed a megaphone to in Gully Boy, and also in her Lust Stories short. Like the first segment, the second, directed by Anurag Kashyap, is also a twist on familiar horror movie tropes. Featuring yet another largely solitary performance at its centre, Kashyaps short is a wildly ambitious mashup of Darren Aronofskys Black Swan and Richard Donners The Omen, with a bit of Cronenbergian body horror thrown in for good measure. Unlike Akhtars film, this one has anxieties to address  about motherhood and mania, loss and loneliness. As always, Sobhita Dhulipala proves that she can be an astonishingly reliable actor, regardless of what shes given to work with. Shes able to add more dimensions to her character in 30-odd minutes here than she was in seven episodes of the shoddy Bard of Blood. But once again, the film is more impressive technically  the deathly desaturated colour palette, the sneaky visual foreshadowing, the impressive practical effects  than on a narrative level. Kashyap has never been one to pull punches, but he seems to lack the courage of his convictions here, especially towards the end, when he chooses to spell out certain details that hed already effectively communicated through his filmmaking. Banerjee, in his segment, also seems to be conflicted. Should he make the most of the creative freedom that has been given to him, or should he keep one foot in the realm of the mainstream and not risk alienating the majority of the audience that is likely to watch his film? In the end, he gets spliced, clearly struggling with the exposition that is necessary to build the fictional fantasy world that he has created, and to deliver the thrills that are expected of him. Surprisingly, Banerjee is the only one who decided to go political with his short. In all honesty, I was expecting at least two others to also use the creative liberties at their disposal, and the opportunities that genre filmmaking affords writers, to make some sort of statement about the world. Banerjees film is sort of like a Grimm Brothers fairytale, combined with the post-apocalyptic aesthetic of a modern zombie movie and the absurdity of a propaganda pamphlet. It would be unfair to reveal more details about the film, especially because this segment, for good reason, has the potential to be the most divisive. But there are interesting ideas in there, about our place in the world, and how precarious it really is. In a shocking turn of events, I suspect that Johars short might be the most palatable of the lot, especially to audiences who are, rightly so, caught unawares by the sheer abstractness of some of the previous segments. This one, despite featuring the thinnest characters and absolutely no perspective to speak of, is a more traditional haunted house story. To be clear, Johar isnt communicating his own personal fears through his film, but appears to have based his ideas on what someone else has told him horror should be. And so there are scenes in which poor Mrunal Thakur, skimpily dressed, is sent on midnight walks around a house she should have checked out of ages ago. There is also a sleep-walking mother-in-law and a creepy Catholic maid. But whatever momentum Johar is inadvertently able to build is tossed out of a Spanish window when he cuts to Kusha Kapila, as our heroines BFF, popping in to make a smutty joke or two. Also read: Neha Dhupia on facing sexism in South film industry: They insisted on feeding hero first and I would say I am hungry The result is a tonally inconsistent but visually refined film that throws in random Christian symbolism with desi scare tactics, and ends up resembling one of those Ekta Kapoor serials about naagins and whatnot. Its a mess, but its also the only segment that doesnt take itself too seriously. Perhaps reshuffling the lineup might have helped, but this is assuming you watch the entire thing in one sitting. Ideally, Ghost Stories, for its own sake, must not be seen as a whole. Its fearless, but frustrating; ambitious, but not ambitious enough. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 06, 2020 12:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/us-movie-review-jordan-peele-delivers-a-groundbreaking-horror-follow-up-to-get-out/story-Aj0SrAKMIqT8tlzotyhfqI.html</url>
<title>Us movie review: A groundbreaking horror film from Jordan Peele, a worthy follow-up to Get Out</title>
<body >UsDirector - Jordan PeeleCast - Lupita Nyongo, Winston Duke, Elisabeth Moss, Tim Heidecker, Shahadi Wright Joseph, Evan AlexRating - 4.5/5 Curiously, despite being a more traditional horror picture, Us, writer-director Jordan Peeles follow-up to the genre-fluid Get Out is an even more challenging experience. Neck-deep in dense symbolism and metaphor, Us requires multiple viewings to simply be ingested - understanding it would perhaps require multiple more. From an early shot of caged rabbits, to the sight of a masked child scurrying about on all fours, to the potent image of a black woman in handcuffs, Us is an ambiguously ambitious chiller upon which audiences can project their deepest fears. Nothing can be scarier. Its part home invasion thriller, part body swap drama, part Ira Levin-esque psychological satire. Peeles second film is a bolder artistic statement than Get Out, and one of the finest examples of untethered (forgive the pun) studio filmmaking. Watch the Us trailer here  The film opens with ominous titles informing the viewer that there are thousands of miles of tunnels beneath the continental US, and that many have no known purpose at all. As this information suggests, slavery is indeed invoked - and not just through the image of a chained Lupita Nyongo, but also through the ideas of divisionism and duality that Peele is playing with. The opening scene is a flashback to 1986. A young girl strays away from her family during a nighttime beach outing, and runs into a doppelgnger of herself. The experience rattles her, forcing her parents to seek professional help for the child, who has retreated into a shell. Years later, in the present day, a now grown-up Adelaide Thomas (played by Lupita) is returning to the place of her childhood trauma, with her own family, including a daughter who is the same age as she was when she experienced the incident. Her husband, Gabe, is played by Winston Duke, and is a classic example of a black man caught between two worlds - his own cultured upbringing and the more nefarious reputation of his people, with whom he has no real connection other than a shared past. This duality literally manifests itself when an entire family of doppelgngers arrives at the Thomas doorstep. They are led by Red, a now grown up version of the girl Adelaide encountered in her youth. She is also played by Lupita, in a horror movie performance that will sadly go unnoticed at the awards, just like Emily Blunts in A Quiet Place and Toni Collettes in Hereditary. In one of the films finest scenes - which exemplifies Peeles command over tone, pacing and structure - Red, the only one among the family of doppelgngers who can speak, chillingly deadpans the answer to the question, Who are you people? We are Americans, she says, and then pauses for effect. Suddenly, the films title makes sense. Its not only about us and them but also about the US, and how the Greatest Superpower in the World has deluded itself into believing that its problems are external. Red explains to Adelaide, in a screechy, bone-chilling voice that sounds like nails across an old mirror - mirrors being the recurring motif here, visually, sonically and thematically - that she belongs to a population of doppelgngers called the Tethered. The Tethered, she says, were created by the government and have spent their entire lives living underground, mirroring - there you go again - the actions of the more privileged, surface-dwelling populace. This is a revolution. That it happens during what was supposed to be a summer vacation is Peele once again stressing, as he did with the idyllic countryside setting of Get Out, that the concept of paradise is a lie. Its almost a coded message from the inside, to let us all know that the country that weve grown up admiring is broken. But this is merely one way to interpret Us. Besides a horrific musical cue that evokes memories of The Omens Ave Satani theme, there are also recurring references to the Bible, the most common being signs that read Jeremiah 11:11. After appreciating yet another mirror motif, I Googled it, only to discover what is possibly the scariest Bible passage ever. Here it goes: Therefore thus saith the Lord, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them. This verse not only serves as foreshadowing of the uprising, but also paints Red as a Messiah figure of sorts. Us blurs the lines between villain and hero - perhaps another way in which Peele deconstructs the horror genre, while kneeling in its church at the same time. Characters often scarper off screen when they should be staying put, and they stay put when they should be scarpering off screen; Adelaide spends an excruciatingly long time trying to convince Gabe that the danger Red poses is real - all of this is classic horror movie stuff. And Us is a classic horror movie - perhaps the best since Get Out. Its mythologically dense - you can tell - and has important things to say about religion, capitalism, greed, masculinity, cinema, race and more waiting to be discovered. Let us begin. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 29, 2019 15:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bard-of-blood-review-emraan-hashmi-s-new-netflix-india-spy-series-is-a-massive-failure-of-intelligence/story-TJRSbn3JR24Q6BcKoRblON.html</url>
<title>Bard of Blood review: Emraan Hashmis Netflix series pales in comparison to Amazons Family Man</title>
<body >Bard of BloodDirector - Ribhu DasguptaCast - Emraan Hashmi, Sobhita Dhulipala, Vineet Kumar Singh, Kirti Kulhari, Jaideep Ahlawat Ironically for a show about espionage that tips its hat to Shakespeare, Bard of Blood is undone by its rotten writing and a glaring lack of intelligence. Unfolding across seven painfully convoluted episodes, Netflix Indias latest has neither wit, wisdom, or value. And based on expectations alone, it is the streaming services most disappointing Indian original series. Arguing that Bard of Blood is intended for an audience that isnt accustomed to dense, thought- provoking drama is disrespectful not only to millions of paying Netflix subscribers, but also to an industry that is yearning to be more ambitious. It is so disappointing to see such wonderfully talented actors, each of whom has proven themselves on multiple occasions  Raazi actor Jaideep Ahlawat has shone even in the same genre  be wasted on such drab material. Watch the Bard of Blood trailer here You feel for poor Vineet Kumar Singh, who was so mesmerising in Mukkabaaz, as he struggles with his accent, which is supposed to be Punjabi, but sounds like it took a hard right from Chandigarh, and entered Haryana. I have a suspicion that he re-recorded a majority of his lines in post- production, unlike his cast-mates. You feel for poor Emraan Hashmi, eternally pigeonholed in the wrong boxes, like a dignified movie star at the mercy of a stylist who insists on dressing them in ill-fitting casuals. But nothing can compare to my dismay at seeing the glorious Sobhita Dhulipala, who has been outstanding in literally everything she has done, be reduced to an exposition machine. In one scene, when the name of a Balochistani separatist leader is mentioned, Sobhitas character, Isha, provides viewers with a quick summary of his hypothetical Wikipedia page. Bashir Mari? Isha says, Yaani Balochistan ke Yasser Arafat? Kuch saal pehle unki death hui thi. ISA ne hi maara tha unko. She says this in the presence of two others, both of whom are guaranteed to be aware of this information already. This happens a lot in Bard of Blood. Information that should, ideally, be relayed through story and character, is simply blurted out loud. Every emotion, every thought, every fleeting idea is verbally explained, but rarely ever shown. After a point, watching a story that relies on such inelegant means of communication becomes exhausting. Youre hearing things, but not really listening to them. For a moment, I thought Id been transported back to school, sitting in an unbearably boring class. But even my maths lessons were occasionally more enjoyable than the seven hours it took for me to finish Bard of Blood, a show that feels at once glossy, yet bafflingly cheap. Based on the 2015 novel by Bilal Siddiqi, it tells the story of former spy Kabir Anand (Emraan Hashmi), who is plucked from his life as a Shakespeare professor at a Mumbai college, and hurled headfirst into a dangerous mission in Balochistan. Kabir has a personal history with the region, and with the Indian intelligence agency that threw him under the bus after a botched job there several years ago. Also read: The Family Man review: Lighthearted but not lightweight; Amazon and Manoj Bajpayee have a winner on their hands I must confess that I havent read the book, but I am aware that several key changes have been made to the text. For instance, the names of the Indian and Pakistani intelligence agencies have been tweaked, and Isha Khan has been renamed Isha Khanna. I wonder why; her name certainly bore no relevance to her character. But I was pleasantly surprised by how Bard of Blood avoided jumping on the patriotic bandwagon, especially when it could have, so easily, turned into a celebration of national pride. Neither is it antagonistic towards Pakistan, which, in todays turbulent times, comes across as a minor miracle. The central objective of Kabirs mission requires him and his team  he is joined by the rookie Isha and the veteran Veer (Vineet)  to go rogue as they infiltrate enemy territory and attempt to rescue four Indian spies whove been kidnapped by the Taliban. There are several interesting ideas in this premise that Bard of Blood flirts with, but never fully commits to exploring. It could, for instance, have examined the idea of patriotism, and how tragically some agents are treated by the government. The four kidnapped spies are considered collateral damage by the agency, whose flat-out refusal to stage a rescue compels Kabir to take matters into his own hands in the first place. But even in captivity, the prisoners of war display a sort of blind faith in their country that begs to be scrutinised, but is sidelined in favour of scenes that serve absolutely no purpose in the plot. For example, on one occasion, Kabir concocts an elaborate plan to have himself kidnapped in order to arrange a meeting with a young separatist, when all he needed to do was simply knock on his door. They are old acquaintances. And then there is the objectively pointless romantic track, which was quite literally shoehorned in; it did not exist in the book. Again, handled with a delicate touch, the romantic storyline could have breached some morally dubious themes, in addition to making grand humanist statements, but Bard of Bloods stilted writing makes Murder 2 look like Before Sunrise. It is one thing to have a poor script to begin with, but the problems metastasise when neither the filmmaking nor the acting is able to elevate it. Director Ribhu Dasgupta maintains a consistently messy style, and handles the multiple threads by routinely tangling them up. But there is little he could have done with the material he had. Ladakh doubling for Balochistan provided him with a suitably large natural sandbox to play inside, but the extras are laughably exaggerated, and the locations are distractingly glossy for a war zone. They dont have a lived-in feel  instead, the several towns and villages our central trio visit appear to have been dressed mere hours before their arrival. The scenes set in Mumbai and New Delhi, meanwhile, give off a distinct whiff of having been completed in haste. To discuss Bard of Bloods handling of the very real, very relevant socio-political context of its story would be admitting that the show should be taken seriously. It shouldnt. The very idea that a series which reduces Islamic terrorists to sloganeering, kohl-eyed caricatures can exist in the same world as Raazi, or even Amazons The Family Man, is mildly aggravating. All this is evidence of a troubled production; of a building that was, in typical Indian fashion, constructed despite a rocky foundation, upon unstable land, and with subpar raw material. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 27, 2019 18:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/ghoul-review-netflix-s-sacred-games-follow-up-is-even-braver-scary-in-unexpected-ways/story-I2MqNEZ4OVxvfq019XSpAP.html</url>
<title>Ghoul review: Netflixs Sacred Games follow-up is even braver, scary in unexpected ways</title>
<body >GhoulCast - Radhika Apte, Manav KaulRating - 3.5/5  One controversy is barely over and we must prepare for another. The opening few minutes of Ghoul, Netflixs latest Indian original, unleash some of the bravest filmmaking youll see this year - in fact, the entire first episode is brimming with confrontational carelessness - and I mean this as the highest compliment. To put it in perspective, if you thought the Rajiv Gandhi line in Sacred Games was delightfully irresponsible - especially now, especially here - wait till you watch Ghoul. Even the opening title card is all sorts of provocative. It informs the viewer that the show is set in the near future, in a country that has been divided and destroyed by sectarianism. Those who oppose the government are sent to specially created military detention centres. So far so dystopian. But notice how vague all of this seems - and deliberately so. Not once is the country identified - although the show is in Hindi (and Urdu?), and features a cast of Indian actors - and not once is it overtly acknowledged that the persecuted are exclusively Muslims. But thats exactly what happens. Watch the Ghoul trailer here Through images and symbols, and through the violent rhetoric weve become all too familiar with - words like anti national and terrorist - Ghoul reveals itself to be a surprisingly potent show. It isnt merely a critique of modern India - nor is it just a cautionary tale of where we might be headed - but it is a takedown, its a slap in the face, it is humiliation before 130 million paying subscribers. Believe me, I was just as surprised as you are. For the longest time - perhaps wisely, considering how easily triggered some of us are - no one had said anything about Ghouls pointed politics; the trailers had positioned it as a supernatural horror programme, produced through an exciting collaboration between Ivanhoe, Blumhouse and Phantom, three companies with remarkably similar philosophies. But it wouldnt be too much of a stretch to describe Ghoul as a lesser cousin to one of Blumhouses biggest recent success stories: Get Out. Like Jordan Peeles Oscar winning film, Ghoul uses genre tropes to comment on muddy matters that mainstream cinema mostly avoids - for different reasons, ranging from commercial potential to political retaliation. But to watch an old Muslim intellectual being pulled over, profiled, and harassed, brings back familiar memories - just the colour of the skin has changed. And thats the beauty of science-fiction and horror - these genres tap into our deepest fears, they expose our potential for evil, and in doing so, transcend borders. Ghoul is scary, yes, but for entirely different reasons than youd anticipated. Like Fahrenheit 451, we see Muslim literature being burned, their religious artefacts are declared contraband, and their voices clamped down with cries of sedition! Everyone from student leaders to college professors to intellectuals - because remember, just like in the Armenian genocide, its always the intellectuals that are silenced first - is taken into custody, reconditioned till they declare their undying allegiance to the government, failing which theyre sent to what are basically concentration camps. One of these camps is run by Colonel Sunil Dacunha (played by Manav Kaul). His uniform has shades of Hugo Boss SS outfits - perhaps one of the few subtleties of this largely ham-fisted allegory. They certainly have their own version of Inglourious Basterds Bear Jew, replicated in Ghoul by a large Punjabi man called Foulad Singh, who clangs his way through the facilitys halls, his terrifying reputation preceding him. Foulad Singh is the last resort. He is brought out when all else has failed - all the enhanced interrogation techniques, all the violence, and all the humiliation. Nida Rahim (our protagonist, played by Radhika Apte), a new recruit in this militant, government-aided force, is brought to the facility around the same time as Ali Saeed. Saeed is a particularly legendary man - deemed a terrorist like the rest of his Muslim brothers and sisters, but with a dark secret that is slowly revealed in subsequent episodes. Nidas religion makes her a traitor in the eyes of her people, and a pariah in the eyes of the (mostly) Hindu soldiers at the facility. This is interesting dramatic territory, ripe for exploration and bursting with possibilities. It is unfortunate then that Ghoul mostly abandons this fantastic set-up in favour of a more by-the-numbers horror story in episodes two and three, inspired by the insipid Conjuring films probably. Watched in one go - which shouldnt be difficult - the episodes feel arbitrarily separated and not entirely episodic. This could be because Ghoul was originally intended to be a feature film, but was later recut into a miniseries for Netflix. Thats my guess. In any case, once the supernatural events you actually signed up for crawl out of the shadows, the storys subtext is buried alive. As Nida makes new discoveries about Ali Saeeds true identity, I was overcome by the disappointing realisation that had director Patrick Graham picked a lane and stuck to it, the story wouldve played better. But as it stands, there isnt nearly enough mystical lore to engage the audience in the horror elements, the psychological thrills are oddly limited to a 20-minute patch in episode two, and the politics are largely forgotten until an admittedly well-conceived and emotional conclusion. Even casual viewers would be able to identify the entire scenes thatve been tacked on to pad up the run-time, and while theyre at it, theyd be able to tell you with superb confidence that the story would have worked infinitely better as a 90-minute film. And theyd be right - especially because the best bits appear to be the ones added on. The elements are all there - a blazingly original idea, Jay Ozas claustrophobic and atmospheric visuals, and a strong, simmering performance by Netflixs favourite Indian child, Radhika Apte - but Ghoul, the show, much like its namesake demon, suffers from an identity crisis. It does, however, end with the suggestion that there is more to come. Tackled well, perhaps this could turn into our own version of Handmaids Tale or the Purge? Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 31, 2018 10:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/he-never-slides-or-dives-is-different-from-me-and-raina-jonty-rhodes-lauds-india-cricketer/story-8RM8yh6CylTOrXyfj3sZWI.html</url>
<title>He never slides or dives, is different from me and Suresh Raina: Jonty Rhodes lauds India cricketer</title>
<body >When speaking about best fielders in the world of all-time, there is one name who is likely to feature in every list - Jonty Rhodes. The South African cricketer redefined fielding with some of the most memorable catches, run outs and dives on the ground. A look back at Rhodes career highlights will give a glimpse of some of the most entertaining moments in cricket history - and that is why is still regarded as an inspiration for cricketers when it comes to fielding. So, if Rhodes praises a player for his fielding efforts, it certainly holds a significant value. In an Instagram Live chat with India cricketer Suresh Raina, Rhodes included India fielder Ravindra Jadeja in the list of his favourite World and India fielders. In the video, Raina asked: Name your favourite world and India fielders. Also read:Former India keeper on MS Dhonis international comeback In response, Rhodes started off by naming Proteas allrounder AB de Villiers. I love to watch AB de Villiers - whether he is batting or fielding, hes a very entertaining guy. I think Martin Guptill is a very good fielder from New Zealand. Then, he went on to praise Jadeja. Then, Jaddu, hes not bad, eh. I keep saying, people should throw over the top, but he is always throwing side-arm, yet he just doesnt seem to miss. Hes a very different to you and I, a bit like Michael Bevan, he said. Also read:Selectors will not look at me as they feel Im too old: Harbhajan Singh Hes very fast across the field, you never saw him really dive or slide, because hes got such good speed, he will get to the ball. You and I would always dodge, we are dirty fielders, we would get to the ground, get dirty, and get up quickly, he said. Someone like Jaddu or Michael Bevan, because their speed is incredible, you hardly see them diving, unless its a dive on the boundary. Jaddu, these days, he has taken some fantastic catches in both Tests and ODIs. The key is hes fully committed, hes got the big sword, hes a pretty brave guy, he further added. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/smriti-irani-praises-actor-sonu-sood-for-helping-migrants-thank-you-for-helping-those-in-need/story-0E1PO2Qx4BZAAzaatWP8zI.html</url>
<title>Smriti Irani praises actor Sonu Sood for helping migrants: Thank you for helping those in need</title>
<body >Union minister Smriti Irani on Sunday praised actor Sonu Sood for helping migrant workers go back home amid the ongoing Covid-19-induced lockdown. She tweeted about him on Sunday. The actor has arranged several buses for the migrants after obtaining special permissions from different state governments. Tagging a tweet by Sood in which he asked a migrant to share his number so that he can arrange for his travel back home, Smriti said: Ive had the privilege of knowing you as a professional colleague for over 2 decades now @SonuSood and celebrated your rise as an actor ;but the kindness you have displayed in these challenging times makes me prouder still thank you for helping those in need. Ive had the privilege of knowing you as a professional colleague for over 2 decades now @SonuSood  celebrated your rise as an actor ;but the kindness you have displayed in these challenging times makes me prouder still thank you for helping those in need https://t.co/JcpoZRIr8M Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) May 24, 2020 Ive had the privilege of knowing you as a professional colleague for over 2 decades now @SonuSood  celebrated your rise as an actor ;but the kindness you have displayed in these challenging times makes me prouder still thank you for helping those in need https://t.co/JcpoZRIr8M In his tweet, Sonu had written in Hindi: Paedal kyun jaaoge dost, number bhejo (why will you walk back home? send your number). He was responding to a person who had tweeted to him, asking for help. He wanted to reach Uttar Pradesh and from there, he would walk back to his village, the person said.    ??   https://t.co/48vflmw4DA sonu sood (@SonuSood) May 22, 2020    ??   https://t.co/48vflmw4DA Prior to Smriti, NCP leader and minister in the Government of Maharashtra Jayant Patil  too had praised Sonu for arranging buses for migrant workers desirous of returning to their homes. Noting that Sood has played a villain in some of his films, the water resources minister termed the actor as an inspiring hero in reality. Sonu Sood is arranging buses for migrants who want to go back to their homes. He is trying to help as many migrants as he can. The on screen villain is an inspiring hero in reality! God bless him @SonuSood #SonuSood pic.twitter.com/cokoowzjhU Jayant Patil (@Jayant_R_Patil) May 23, 2020 Sonu Sood is arranging buses for migrants who want to go back to their homes. He is trying to help as many migrants as he can. The on screen villain is an inspiring hero in reality! God bless him @SonuSood #SonuSood pic.twitter.com/cokoowzjhU Also read: When Dharmendra broke down during Esha Deols vidaai, mother Hema Malini hugged her goodbye. Watch video Sonu Sood is arranging buses for migrants who want to go back to their homes. He is trying to help as many migrants as he can. The on screen villain is an inspiring hero in reality! God bless him @SonuSood, tweeted Patil, who heads the state NCP unit. He also shared a picture of Sood standing near the buses reportedly arranged by him to ferry migrant workers. (With HT inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 14:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/metro-park-quarantine-edition-review-ranvir-shorey-omi-vaidya-s-hilarious-take-on-life-during-a-pandemic/story-UEbqmDifzGEi5UKwDH6HlM.html</url>
<title>Metro Park-Quarantine Edition review: Ranvir Shorey, Omi Vaidyas hilarious take on life during a pandemic</title>
<body >Metro Park Quarantine EditionCast: Ranvir Shorey, Purbi Joshi, Omi Vaidya, Vega Tamotia, Pitobbash TripathyCreator: Abi Varghese, Ajayan Venugopalan Living in isolation is the new normal and its time to change tack if one really wishes to shoot during lockdown. While not everyone can be lucky enough to own a picturesque farmhouse, work from home is the only way out, including for those in filmmaking. And Eros Now seems to have got the hang of it with their Metro Park - Quarantine Edition. The sitcoms first season  may not have gained massive popularity but the new edition is tailored to the current scenario. Watch: Metro Park - Quarantine Edition trailer If the Amitabh Bachchan, Priyanka Chopra and Ranbir Kapoor starrer Family was a first step in this direction, Metro Park takes it forward as a five-episode mini web series that centres around the work from home concept and has been shot by actors and crew in quarantine. Metro Park is a family drama revolving around a typical Gujarati family settled in New Jersey. The everyday lives of Ranvir Shorey and Purbi Joshi reflect Indian diaspora living in the US and relationships in an American neighbourhood. Adding more colour to this mix are Purbis onscreen sister and her South Indian husband Omi Vaidya, who plays the character like his Chatur from 3 Idiots. This season, the families are locked up in their homes, bonding only on calls and facetime. There couldnt be a better time to save on big-budget outdoor schedules and let creativity do the talking. The writers efforts stand out as much as how flawlessly their vision has been executed. The actors deserve applause for their performances and a special shout-out goes out to their family members who moonlighted as directors. In a show like this, a lot depends on what happens on the editing table as detailed pieces shot at places as diverse as Washington DC, California and Delhi are knitted together as an entertaining series. At times, the five-odd minute long episodes feel like a combination of viral TikTok videos and WhatsApp jokes. But turning it all into a cohesive series is what makes it a winner. The total runtime of the series is a little over 30 minutes but it tries to say a lot in that limited time. From a paranoid Kannan self-isolating himself after a sneeze to an idle Purbi cutting up her husbands kurtas for her fledgling face mask business, there is a lot to connect with. A special mention is needed for their subtle way of discouraging fake news and how people mask PR stunts as good deeds. The team not just manages to evoke a few laughs but also sends across the message of being informed about the coronavirus pandemic. Also read: Esha Gupta on dealing with ACL injury: Whatever I had earned in beginning, I spent it on physios, took a year to recover While the camerawork is simple with no fancy flourishes, the performances arrest attention. With an on-point Gujarati accent, Ranvir and Purbi are a delight to watch. While this fun outing definitely deserve a thumbs up for the idea and the effort, a little innovation could have worked wonders. But the humble beginning is a big step ahead in the days to come. (Author tweets @ruchik87) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tennis/balbir-singh-sr-six-highlights-of-a-stellar-career-in-hockey/story-n8jVG8qui6Pctlzfi8aT9L.html</url>
<title>Balbir Singh Senior: Highlights of a stellar career in hockey</title>
<body >Balbir Singh Sr played hockey at a time when cricket was nowhere near being a pan-India sport, let alone a popular one. Hockey is where India competed with the world and they did that with authority and Balbir Singh Sr was one of the flag bearers of it. In the 1940s and 50s, Singhs stick was regarded as nothing short of a magic wand, for he could score field goals from anywhere. The three-time Olympic gold medal winner passed away on Monday in Chandigarh. He was 96 and is survived by his daughter and three sons. Here are the  biggest highlights of his career. ALSO READ: Balbir Singh Senior, a man who never let India down 1) Before making a name for India, Balbir Singh Sr was a megastar in All Indias Inter-University tournaments. Under his captaincy, Punjab University won the title three years in a row from 1943 to 1945. He was selected for the Indian mens hockey team for the 1948 Olympics in London. 2) Singh did not find a place in Indias star-studded playing XI at the beginning. He had to wait till the Argentina match for his turn in the 1948 Olympics. Despite being irregular in the starting XI in the tournament, Singh was given a go in the final against Great Britain and he repaid the faith shown on him by scoring a brace to help India win 4-0. PICTURES: Balbir Singh Sr passes away: A look back at historic career of Hockey legend 3) Four years later, in the Helsinki Olympics, Balbir Singh was an indispensable part of the Indian hockey team. He was even appointed the vice-captain for that Olympics. After scoring a hat-trick in the semi-final against Great Britain, he bettered his performance in the final of Olympics in 1952 by netting five goals in Indias 6-1 win over the Netherlands. The record for most goals in an Olympic final still stands with Singh. ALSO READ: Role models like him come rare - Sporting fraternity mourns death of hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr 4) In the 1956 Olympics, Balbir Singh Sr was the flag-bearer for India and also the captain of Indias hockey team. They beat Pakistan 1-0 in the finals to claim a hat-trick of gold medals at the Olympics. 5) Singh, who scored 246 goals in his 61 appearances for India, was also the manager of the Indian team that won gold in 1975 Hockey World Cup. 6) He was conferred with the Padma Shri in 1957. That was the first time an athlete was conferred the prestigious civilian honour. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 12:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/punjab-cm-amarinder-singh-condoles-demise-of-hockey-legend-balbir-singh-sr/story-SEkoZs1BG2CX2CcobpUgLM.html</url>
<title>Punjab CM Amarinder Singh condoles demise of hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr</title>
<body >Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh on Monday expressed his deep sorrow on the death of Balbir Singh Senior, saying the hockey legend exemplified qualities of perseverance, dedication and sportsmanship and will remain an inspiration for the generation of players. One of Indias greatest hockey players who won three Olympic gold medals in a stellar career, Balbir Singh Sr died at a hospital here on Monday after battling multiple health issues for over two weeks. Saddened to learn about the passing away of Hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr. A Triple Olympic Gold medallist, Amarinder Singh tweeted. PICTURES: Balbir Singh Sr passes away: A look back at historic career of Hockey legend He exemplified qualities of perseverance, dedication  sportsmanship. Sir, you will be dearly missed  will forever remain an inspiration! A grateful State bids you farewell, Singh said. The legendary centre-forward was 96 and is survived by his daughter Sushbir and three sons Kanwalbir, Karanbir, and Gurbir. His sons are settled in Canada and he used to live here with his daughter and grandson Kabir. Also read:Role models like him come rare: Sporting fraternity mourns death of hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr. The three-time Olympic gold medallist was in a semi-comatose state since May 18 and had developed a blood clot in his brain after being first admitted to the hospital for bronchial pneumonia with high fever. He was tested for COVID-19 but reports came out negative. Singh suffered three cardiac arrests during the course of his treatment. Also read:Balbir Singh Senior, a man who never let India down One of the countrys most accomplished athletes, Singh was the only Indian among 16 legends chosen by the International Olympic Committee across modern Olympic history. His world record for most goals scored by an individual in the mens hockey final of the Olympics still remains unbeaten. He had scored five goals in Indias 6-1 victory over the Netherlands in the gold medal match of the 1952 Helsinki Games. He was conferred with the Padma Shri in 1957. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 12:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-s-kids-yash-and-roohi-pose-naturally-as-dad-shares-pic-of-his-denim-darlings-see-it-here/story-lYSXmu17EJaDxZqQdlkfRK.html</url>
<title>Karan Johars kids Yash and Roohi pose naturally as dad shares pic of his denim darlings, see it here</title>
<body >Filmmaker Karan Johar has kept fans entertained through much of the lockdown period, posting fun pictures and videos of his two kids - Yash and Roohi. On Monday, he posted a fresh picture of the two kids in denims. Sharing the picture as his Instagram story, he wrote: Denim darlings. In the picture, both his kids pose effortlessly in denim clothes - daughter Roohi wears a one-piece denim frock paired with a white t-shirt inside, while Yash is dressed in a denim jeans paired with a white t-shirt. They also have a lollipop each in hand. View this post on Instagram           Junior Johars! #karanjohar #bollywoodkids #starkids #lockdownwithjohars #yashjohar #roohijohar #yashroohi #karanjoharkids #celebs #denimday #denimfashion #fashionista #trendingnow #bollywoodist A post shared by  Bollywoodist (@bollywoodist_) on May 18, 2020 at 8:03am PDT Junior Johars! #karanjohar #bollywoodkids #starkids #lockdownwithjohars #yashjohar #roohijohar #yashroohi #karanjoharkids #celebs #denimday #denimfashion #fashionista #trendingnow #bollywoodist A post shared by  Bollywoodist (@bollywoodist_) on May 18, 2020 at 8:03am PDT Karan has, in the past, shared many interesting videos of his kids. In one of the more recent ones, Yash had suggested a unique way to cut hair. He had shown how they could cut their hair with a medicine bottle. In it, Karan asks Yash if he thinks he needs a haircut. To which, the toddler innocently replies, I just cut my hair. Karan then repeats and asks, But dadas hair is also very long, even your hair is very long...how do we cut our hair? When will we cut? Yash shows a bottle of medicine, and innocently says, With medicine! Karan can be heard laughing, as he says, But, how will the medicine cut my hair? Cut, Cut, Cut, Cut, the little one responds, leaving Karan in splits. Also read: Shefali Jariwala says she was paid Rs 7000 for Kaanta Laga, reveals her father was completely against it In another video, Karan conducted a quiz with his son Yash, who thought the name of his country was Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan, leaving his dad in splits. The video starts from a shot where Yash is being asked by his filmmaker dad, Alright, what is your name? Yash Karan Johar, Yash responds. And what is the city we live in? asks Karan. The toddler replies, Mumbai. After which Karan asks, What is our country? Yash innocently replies, Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan. Karan then corrects him and tells him they live in India. He even get Yash to say I love my India. (WithANI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 19, 2020 10:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/alia-bhatt-believes-in-living-within-a-budget-owns-houses-in-mumbai-and-london-and-fancies-buying-a-private-jet/story-Vy62vJX1X0UFXJe3qaQWdP.html</url>
<title>Alia Bhatt believes in living within a budget, owns houses in Mumbai and London and fancies buying a private jet</title>
<body >Actor Alia Bhatt saw success rather early in life but comes across as a sensible person. Her financial planning too reflects that attitude. In a new interview with Economic Times Panache magazine, she said how she knows how to live within a budget and invests in bonds and mutual funds. She said that she believed in the merits of living within a budget. She said, I can live within a budget. I dont spend that much. My chartered accountant often tells me Why dont you spend more? Alia also mentioned how even as a teenager she was frugal with her expenses and would accompany her mother and sister for their holidays to London, reportedly the only place they went to as kids. She would often go to a store called Primark (known to be a budget store line across United Kingdom) to buy stuff in 5 to 6 pounds. She still buys her pyjamas from the said store. Speaking matter-of-factly she said, Even now I buy my pyjamas from Primark. So what? Theyre pyjamas. How different can they be? Also Watch | Alia Bhatt gets emotional at sister Shaheen Bhatts book launch Alia also said that she doesnt understand financial matters. She told the publication that over the years she has tried to understand the subject and revealed that she invests in mutual funds, bonds and FDs. She was quoted as saying, I still dont understand investing, but over the years, Ive become keen to learn more. My home in Mumbai (Juhu, Mumbai) is the first property I bought. I invest in FDs and bonds. Mutual Funds are good, so Ive been told. Also read | Sara Ali Khan says getting trolled for overacting in Love Aaj Kal hurt her: I had no idea what it was looking like She does splurge every now and then though, on fancy bags and gym clothes. She said, The first expensive thing I bought (as a teenager) was with my own money -- a Louis Vuitton bag. I splurge most on bags. I love them. And gym clothes. I have every sort of trackpant from Lululemon. She also loves spending on holidays. She added, I also splurge on holidays, but take one holiday a year -- a New Year one. I spend on the destination and the hotel. I hate shopping when Im on holiday. Alia wishes to own a private jet and a home in the mountains. A private jet would be a luxury. I have chartered one before, but not for a holiday. A home in the mountains is a dream. Ill fulfil it later in life. I had a dream to buy a house in London and I did in 2018. Its in Covent Garden and my sister lives there part-time. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 04, 2020 10:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/sumeet-vyas-doing-dishes-has-been-a-traumatic-experience-for-me-during-lockdown/story-kwVNDwABB7XK1Z5cZ9hFtO.html</url>
<title>Sumeet Vyas: Doing dishes has been a traumatic experience for me during lockdown</title>
<body >Sumeet Vyas is all set to become a father and is confident wife Ekta Kaul is well prepared to give birth amid lockdown due to coronavirus pandemic. However, its the household work that bothered the Veere Di Wedding actor more before he eventually managed to get a house help. On the work front, the actor just saw the release of his new web show Official Bhootiyagiri, his first in the horror comedy genre. While he manages to survive the horror on screen, the actor revealed he is not the one with guts when it comes to challenging superficial powers. In a candid interview with Hindustan Times, Sumeet opened up about working on the show and fighting the ghost of domestic chores. Watch: Sumeet Vyas on Official Bhootiyagiri, prepping to becoming a father How are you prepping for the arrival of your first child? The only silver lining is I got to spend all this time at home which generally I am not able to as I am usually working and travelling most of the time. So this was the time we got to spend together. The essential services and medical stores are open so we are ready with essentials which we might need when the baby arrives. Some people are delivering baby products. Ekta has been very hands on with all that, she is very well prepared. So you did a major share of domestic chores during lockdown? Luckily, we have finally got a house help who stays with us. But for initial few weeks we couldnt get help. It was a very traumatic experience. I have never done domestic work before, I used to stay alone and a maid used to do all the cooking and cleaning. I am not a dirty person so I dont spill anything around. But this time we had to do everything ourselves from jhadu-poncha to bartan. Cleaning the dishes is a very traumatic thing. I am very careful now and dont use that many utensils. I wont use a spoon unless its absolutely essential. View this post on Instagram           #happymothersday A post shared by  Sumeet (@sumeetvyas) on May 10, 2020 at 4:38am PDT #happymothersday A post shared by  Sumeet (@sumeetvyas) on May 10, 2020 at 4:38am PDT Have you acquired any new skills during your time at home? I have learnt a little bit of cooking. I never tried baking or cooking before. Eggs were the only thing I could manage in the kitchen. This time around I experimented with eggs and made pancakes one day. I can make different kinds of salads. My type of cooking is mostly continental; I havent taken the Indian recipe route like curries. Also read: Official Bhootiyagiri review: Sumeet Vyas shines in this engaging horror-comedy You recently ventured into horror genre with new web show Official Bhootiyagiri. I was very apprehensive in the beginning because horror comedy is a very tricky genre. We have taken a deeper route to find the ghosts within us. The message was the biggest ghosts we need to fight are our preconceived notions about others and the conflicts that we have with our friends and family. Once we fight these ghosts, we will be able to fight any ghosts. Its a little tough to sustain a horror comedy for five or more episodes. Do you believe in ghosts? I have never witnessed a life changing incident but I have seen people suffering from fits. I didnt know if it was a ghost or it was fits. But everyone around said there was a ghosts so I went with the theory. I am somewhere in the middle. I dont want to say there are no ghosts, I dont want to wake up in my bedroom see that my legs tied, I dont want to upset ghosts. I am not chasing them. Have you experienced a spooky incident on set? Few days we shot in the night and my van was parked at a distance. That night I didnt go to my van. We were shooting at an abandoned place and I didnt want to take any chances. Everyone on set thought Oh, what a cooperating actor, he doesnt even want to go to his van, he wants to sit with us and be on set. I thought it was better to have people around. Is Tripling season 3 confirmed? Tripling season 3 will happen next year for sure. The writing team needs to get together to make it possible. Are you working on a new film? We had to start shooting in April in London. I dont know if we can travel to London and can a film be shot anytime soon. These are logistical questions the producers are struggling with right now. (Author tweets @ruchik87) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 15:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-suhana-khan-check-out-her-10-best-pics-with-shah-rukh-khan-gauri-aryan-and-abram/story-oI0OvUdearv7yy5QxaXBCJ.html</url>
<title>Happy birthday Suhana Khan: Check out her 10 best pics with Shah Rukh Khan, Gauri, Aryan and AbRam</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khans daughter and Bollywoods star-to-be, Suhana Khan turns 20 years old on Friday. To celebrate her big day, we are bringing you 10 awesome picture of her with her family. Suhana was born on May 22, 2000 and is the middle child and only daughter of Shah Rukh and his interior designer wife Gauri Khan. Suhana has an elder brother Aryan and a younger brother, AbRam. Ever since she was a kid, Suhana has wanted to be an actor. She is currently pursuing a course in film studies at the New York University. I dont think there was any one moment when I decided. Since I was young, Id do all these accents and impressions. But my parents only realised I was serious about acting when they saw a performance of mine for the first time. I was playing Miranda in a school performance of The Tempest, she had said in interview to the Vogue magazine in 2018. Check out her 10 best pictures with family: View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on Dec 18, 2019 at 7:34am PST A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on Dec 18, 2019 at 7:34am PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on Jul 7, 2018 at 11:45am PDT A post shared by Suhana Khan (@suhanakhan2) on Jul 7, 2018 at 11:45am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Nov 3, 2019 at 7:10pm PST A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Nov 3, 2019 at 7:10pm PST View this post on Instagram           Most days he deserves it ... A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jan 7, 2019 at 2:57am PST Most days he deserves it ... A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jan 7, 2019 at 2:57am PST View this post on Instagram           My three pet designs for 2019 @GkD  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 26, 2018 at 10:05pm PST My three pet designs for 2019 @GkD  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Dec 26, 2018 at 10:05pm PST View this post on Instagram           Woooooh!!!!!!! We got the look in MXS A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Sep 1, 2018 at 10:23pm PDT Woooooh!!!!!!! We got the look in MXS A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Sep 1, 2018 at 10:23pm PDT View this post on Instagram           New York Times .. A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jul 16, 2018 at 12:15pm PDT New York Times .. A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jul 16, 2018 at 12:15pm PDT View this post on Instagram           KKR  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Apr 10, 2018 at 2:23am PDT KKR  A post shared by  Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Apr 10, 2018 at 2:23am PDT View this post on Instagram           Last day at school. To adding new experiences and colours to your life ahead.... A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:28am PDT Last day at school. To adding new experiences and colours to your life ahead.... A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:28am PDT View this post on Instagram           4 yrs have flown by. Graduating from Ardingly. Last pizza...last train ride...and first step into the real world...school ends...learning doesnt. A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:09am PDT 4 yrs have flown by. Graduating from Ardingly. Last pizza...last train ride...and first step into the real world...school ends...learning doesnt. A post shared by  Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) on Jun 28, 2019 at 10:09am PDT Also read:  Sonam Kapoors DIY Batman costume is a hit, actor thanks mom: You really let me express myself Suhana recently starred in her first short film, The Grey Part of Blue and even earned praise from her fans and friends. Talking about her Bollywood aspirations, Shah Rukh has said: Suhana can be an actor if she has the passion and guts to work five times harder than me and get paid ten times less than I do, if times dont change for women actors. I want her to experience what my female co-stars have gone through. My daughter will be an actor like them and I want to feel the pain. As for Suhana, she found a way to deal with her father superstardom. I realised quite early on that it was different for us. But I never really thought about my dad being famous. When I was about five, he would come and drop me to school, and people would point and stare. He wasnt being addressed as Suhanas dad, which is what I wanted. It confused me. He would want to hug me, and I would push him back in the car. I hated the attention, it made me very self-conscious, she said in the Vogue interview. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 21:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ghoomketu-movie-review-nawazuddin-siddiqui-s-creaky-comedy-shows-signs-of-age/story-uVnTAfBbTYriWa5ZQbOQxM.html</url>
<title>Ghoomketu movie review: Nawazuddin Siddiquis creaky comedy shows signs of age</title>
<body >GhoomketuCast: Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Anurag Kashyap, Ila Arun, Raghubir Yadav, Swanand KirkireDirector: Pushpendra Nath Mishra Writing comedy is a serious business, Nawazuddin Siddiquis whimsically named hero Ghoomketu tells us in the eponymous film. Audience should laugh too. The trouble with Ghoomketu is it never uses its own sage advice. It spells out the obvious, and then goes and underlines it. After a while, it just feels like you are in the middle of an exposition dump and the walls are closing in. As you drown in that needless and relentless information, you just wish that the director would have remembered that as a paying audience of Hindi films, you knew all this all along. No comedy  the delicate thing that it is  could have survived this. Watch the trailer for Ghoomketu here:  But perhaps I get ahead of myself. Ghoomketu is essentially the story of a wannabe film writer from a small village in Uttar Pradesh who wants to write for Shah Rukh Khan and Amitabh Bachchan one day. Aided by his bua (Ila Arun) and unhappy with his plus-size new bride, he runs away from home. Armed with just a book on writing for cinema and a terrible hairstyle, he lands in the city of dreams. Now he could have been chewed up and spat out by Mumbai, but this is not an Anurag Kashyap film, he only has a cameo in it. Instead, Ghoomketu directly meets a smarmy producer who agrees to listen to his scripts. From there on, Ghoomketu becomes a film-within-a-film as Nawazuddins protagonist starts working on scripts of a family drama, a horror film and a romance based on his own life experiences. This is when the film, which was muddling along in its own clueless way, starts resembling a three truck pile-up on a state highway. A spoof relies on parody to ridicule the familiar. Ghoomketu harps on the familiar and has little to offer when it comes to comedy. In its stead, you get a hackneyed plot and tired dialogues. All the tired old tropes come out for airing  a railway platform scene in romance, a scantily clad woman in a horror film, and  the low-hanging fruit  an item number. In fact, the woman in item number gyrates so wildly, I am pretty sure she would have pulled a muscle or five. The fact that I cannot remember even one moment or smart dialogue from this entire segment demonstrates its sloppy quality. As Ghoomketu attempts to become the next Salim-Javed, his worried father (Raghubir Yadav) and uncle (Swanand Kirkire) use their connections to set the police after him. Corrupt Inspector Badlani (Anurag Kashyap) is tasked with bringing the errant man home and his whole cameo is designed to evoke laughs. But few things work as per design in this film. To be fair to director Pushpendra Nath Mishra (who gave us the delectable Taj Mahal 1989), few films can survive the pressures of staying in the cans for almost half a decade. Finished sometime in 2014, Ghoomketu could not get a release for the last few years. You can see it has been duct-taped and made pretty, but the cracks do show. The beautification effort involves more star cameos than you can count -- Amitabh Bachchan, Ranveer Singh, Sonakshi Sinha, Chitrangada Singh and Nikkhil Advani (from back when he used to be Nikhil Advani appear) in the film besides Kashyap. The film belongs to its cast who are all seen putting in the extra effort. Nawazuddin is the right fit as Ghoomketu, a man who is clearly throwing beyond his weight. It is a refreshing change to see Ila Arun and the actor is a hoot as the doting aunt. You only wish that a terrible subplot about her nuclear burps was not added to the film. The only reason it is there is because someone thought loud burps are hilariously funny. Raghubir Yadav as the short-tempered father gives the film some of its fun moments. It is yet another winning performance by the man who played pradhan pati with so much candour in Panchayat recently. Swanand Kirkire ably supports the duo as their younger brother. The films climax is perhaps its best 10 minutes. Earlier in the film, a precocious child advises the hero that a film is as good as its climax, no one cares what is in the middle. In a rare moment when Ghoomketu decides to practise what it preached, the films climax is better than the rest of it. Does the end justify the middle? The answer is no but as a reviewer, you like to run with whatever silver lining you can get. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/two-more-house-helps-at-boney-kapoor-s-residence-test-positive-for-covid-19/story-cGSA77c2bZxZEgxle0YyHP.html</url>
<title>Two more house helps at Boney Kapoors residence test positive for Covid-19</title>
<body >Two more members of filmmaker Boney Kapoors house staff have tested positive for the coronavirus. This is in addition to the one who was found positive for the deadly virus earlier this week. Oshiwara Police Station PI, Dayanand Bangar confirmed the news to Spotboye.com. Boney, on Tuesday, had said that one of his house helps has tested positive for coronavirus. The Kapoor family--him and his daughters Janhvi Kapoor and Khushi Kapoor--are fine and asymptomatic. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on May 19, 2020 at 5:07am PDT A post shared by Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on May 19, 2020 at 5:07am PDT He had issued a written statement in this regard which was shared on social media by Janvhi, who is also a Bollywood actor. Message from Boney Kapoor -- I would like to inform you that our house staff...has tested positive for Covid-19. He was unwell on Saturday evening, was sent for tests and kept in isolation, the statement read. My children, our other staff at home and I, are all fine and none of us are showing any symptoms. In fact we havent left our home since the lockdown started, he added. He further added that his family is under self-quarantine for the next 14 days and will follow all government guidelines diligently. All of us will be in self-quarantine for the next 14 days. We shall be diligently following the instructions and advice given to us by the BMC as well as their medical team. We are thankful to the Government of Maharashtra and the BMC for their swift response, the Mr India producer said in the statement. Also read:  Sonam Kapoors DIY Batman costume is a hit, actor thanks mom: You really let me express myself I am sharing this information because it is important not to feed rumours and panic. We will take all precautions as required. The statement added that Boney hoped the staff member will recover and be back at home with us soon. The domestic help Charan Sahu, aged 23, has been living with Boney and his family at their residence in Green Acres, Lokhandwala Complex. He had been unwell since Saturday evening, and Boney sent him for a test. Charan tested Covid-19 positive, following which he was kept in isolation. Subsequently, Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and government staff arrived at the Kapoor residence and took Charan away for quarantine. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 19:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/mahabharat-actor-satish-kaul-appeals-to-industry-for-financial-help-i-m-struggling-for-medicines-basic-needs/story-sGIMGTweEn5nuFk4LYtwtL.html</url>
<title>Mahabharat actor Satish Kaul appeals to industry for financial help: Im struggling for medicines, basic needs</title>
<body >Veteran Punjabi star Satish Kaul, who has acted in several Hindi films and shows including Mahabharat, says hes currently facing financial woes and the nation-wide lockdown has only made the situation worse for him. The actor, whose credits include working in over 300 Punjabi and Hindi films and played the role of Lord Indra in Mahabharat, said contrary to rumours, hes not in an old age home. Im staying in a small rented place in Ludhiana. I was staying in an old age home earlier but then Im here at this place with my good samaritan Satya Devi. My health is ok, Im doing fine but the lockdown has made matters worse. Im struggling for medicines, groceries and basic needs. I appeal to the industry people to help me. I got so much love as an actor, I need some attention now as a human in need, Kaul told PTI. The 73-year-old actor had also worked in films like Pyaar Toh Hona He Tha, Aunty No 1 and show Vikram Aur Betaal. Also read: Anushka Sharma gets legal notice over casteist slur in Amazons Paatal Lok Kaul had moved to Punjab from Mumbai and had started an acting school around 2011. The actor said that project wasnt a success. It came to a halt and whatever work I was doing later was affected after I fractured my hip bone in 2015. For two and a half years, I was bed-ridden in the hospital. Then I had to check in to an old age home where I stayed for two years. Kaul said he feels grateful that people had showered him so much love when he was in his prime and doesnt have any regrets now. Its ok if theyve forgotten me. I got so much of love and Im grateful. I will forever be indebted to the audience for that. Right now, I wish I am able to buy a decent place of my own where I can stay.   The fire to act is still alive in me. It isnt over. I wish someone gives me a role even today, any role, and I would do it. Im raring to act again, he added. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/kapil-sharma-apologises-to-kayastha-community-for-hurting-sentiments-in-an-episode-of-the-kapil-sharma-show/story-I8qus3oTnk1DE1uxVou8iI.html</url>
<title>Kapil Sharma apologises to Kayastha community for hurting sentiments in an episode of The Kapil Sharma Show</title>
<body >Comedian Kapil Sharma has offered an apology to the Kayastha community. He expressed regret if their sentiments were hurt during an episode his show The Kapil Sharma Show. Dear Kayastha community, I heard about The Kapil Sharma Show episode telecast on 28 March 2020. If the mention of Shri Chitragupta Ji has hurt your sentiments, then I and my entire team apologise to you. Our intention wasnt to hurt anyone. I pray to God that may you all be safe, happy and keep smiling. With love and respect, he wrote in his tweet.       @kayasthasabha @SubodhKantSahai pic.twitter.com/sord7gTxba Kapil Sharma (@KapilSharmaK9) May 21, 2020       @kayasthasabha @SubodhKantSahai pic.twitter.com/sord7gTxba Kapils fans appreciated his tweet. We love you Kapil.Thanks for making India Laugh in this difficult times.Watching your shows in lockdown, read a reply on his post. No, sir we enjoy your episodes they are really stress busters hope you grow more and your show will go on, wrote another. Also read:  Sonam Kapoors DIY Batman costume is a hit, actor thanks mom: You really let me express myself Kapil is currently in lockdown with his family in Mumbai. Last month he celebrated his 39th birthday at home and even celebrated Navratras with his baby daughter. He dolled up Anayra in a lehenga and choli for Ashtami puja. He took to Instagram, where he shared two pictures of his adorable three-month-old daughter, who was dressed in a pink and yellow lehenga-choli. He captioned the image: Jai mata di A#ashtami #kanjakpoojan#daddysgirl #anayra #daughter #3monthsold #gratitude. Kapil had also earlier announced that he was contributing a sum of Rs 50 lakh to the PM-Cares fund to help fight coronavirus in the country. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 20:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-likes-malaika-arora-s-perfect-family-photo-with-son-arhaan-khan-dog-casper/story-U4X2BCZmeTnHWfs2yNOe2L.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor likes Malaika Aroras perfect family photo with son Arhaan Khan, dog Casper</title>
<body >Malaika Arora is spending all her time at home with son Arhaan Khan and her pet dog Casper during lockdown. The fitness enthusiast recently shared a glimpse of her homestay as the three sat in the balcony to have some fresh air. Sharing an adorable picture of the trio on Instagram, Malaika wrote, Centre of our universe #Casper #part2 @iamarhaankhan #stayhomestaysafe. While Malaika can be seen cuddling the furball, Arhaan is seen looking at the two of them. Malaikas close friends and family members were all love for the post. Boyfriend Arjun Kapoor liked the picture whereas her sister Amrita Arora and friend Seema Khan showered the picture with several heart emojis. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Malaika Arora (@malaikaaroraofficial) on May 18, 2020 at 1:01am PDT A post shared by Malaika Arora (@malaikaaroraofficial) on May 18, 2020 at 1:01am PDT Malaika had recently shared a boomerang video from one of her beach vacations along with a message about a hopeful future. She wrote, Spinning in the sun, dragging my feet only to comeback where I started from. The world too will boomerang from this out of control spin and the sun of hope and happiness will shine on all of us again.#anewdawn#anewday#stayhomestaysafe. The 46-year-old is seen spinning from one spot to another in the video and enjoying her time at the beach. Malaika has been quite active on social media amid the quarantine and has been sharing pictures and videos of her cooking and yoga sessions on social media. Earlier, Malaika, Karisma Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor and Amrita had connected virtually and enjoyed a season of Four More Shots Please. Also read: Ananya Panday shares beach photo to wish Suhana Khan on her 20th birthday: You will be my little baby forever View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Malaika Arora (@malaikaaroraofficial) on May 9, 2020 at 10:05pm PDT A post shared by Malaika Arora (@malaikaaroraofficial) on May 9, 2020 at 10:05pm PDT She had also shared a note about how she was missing her parents due to lockdown. Sharing a throwback picture with them, she wrote, 50 days n counting .... miss u guys. She also wished her mom on Mothers Day with a throwback picture from yet another vacation. When u plant a seed, it needs love and care to grow into a beautiful tree. It needs water, air, sunlight and nurturing. That is a Mother! She is our sunlight, she is our water, she is our air. She is life! I am lucky I have my mamma and I am lucky that I am one. Happy Mothers Day to alll........ my superhero #todayneveryday, she wrote. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 10:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/regional-movies/rana-daggubati-s-dad-suresh-babu-says-actor-s-not-engaged-to-miheeka-bajaj-yet-it-s-a-telugu-ritual-to-meet-bride-s-parents/story-2VTmga4OAEQdzyItTd9fiL.html</url>
<title>Rana Daggubatis dad Suresh Babu says actors not engaged to Miheeka Bajaj yet: Its a Telugu ritual to meet brides parents</title>
<body >Actor Rana Daggubati shared two lovely new pictures with his girlfriend Miheeka Bajaj on Thursday. The ceremonious look of the pictures and his caption--Its official--led his fans to believe that the actor has got engaged in a traditional ceremony. However, his father Suresh Babu has clarified that the actor and Miheeka are not engaged yet. Speaking to The New Indian Express, Suresh said, Its not an engagement. Our families sat together on Wednesday to discuss what all has to be done for the pre and post-wedding functions. Its a ritual among the Telugus to meet the brides parents before fixing the engagement and wedding dates. We are happy to take these alliance talks forward. And its official!!  pic.twitter.com/0J3jBeEaep Rana Daggubati (@RanaDaggubati) May 21, 2020 And its official!!  pic.twitter.com/0J3jBeEaep The Baahubali actor took to Instagram to announce their relationship two weeks ago.  Sharing a photo with Miheeka, the actor wrote on Instagram: And she said yes! #MiheekaBajaj. He used a red heart emoji along with his caption. Industry colleagues and fans immediately flooded the post with congratulatory messages. Samantha Akkineni commented: Dead... died. Tamannaah Bhatia and Kiara Advani shared congratulations. Also read:  Sonam Kapoors DIY Batman costume is a hit, actor thanks mom: You really let me express myself Miheeka is a friend of Sonam Kapoor and her family. The Bollywood actor shared a note of congratulations for the new couple on her Instagram stories. Congratulations my darling baby, Miheeka. I love you, doll. You deserve the best. Rana Daggubati better make you happy. Love you both! Welcome to the fam, Rana! wrote Sonam in her congratulatory message, she had written. Anil Kapoor wrote: Congratulations my Hyderabad son. I am so happy. The best thing to happen to both of you. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 14:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-sister-anshula-did-not-touch-mom-mona-shourie-s-room-for-six-years-after-her-death-that-void-will-stay-forever/story-UWK7llfWS1q6XzfW5vq9cK.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor, sister Anshula did not touch mom Mona Shouries room for six years after her death: That void will stay forever</title>
<body >Actor Arjun Kapoor has talked about the hurt he still feels after his mother Mona Shouries death. In a recent interview, Arjun opened up about the void she left behind and how he and his sister Ansula Kapoor coped with the huge loss. Speaking to Zoom, Arjun said his life feels incomplete without his mother. Something that I can share now....we had not touched her room for six years. But then the point is, its not a normal thing to do, have one room completely locked up forever when you dont have place in the house right? But its just that for me and Anshula, this house is her...So every day I go out make people happy, make myself happy, work, act in movie, celebrate being a star and theres love and selfies, mazza aa raha hai, shooting kar rahe ho, your living the dream job. And then when you come back home, and I cant tell her what I did. So it just feels like incomplete. Whatever I do in my life, that void will stay forever, he said. Mona was the first wife of film producer Boney Kapoor. She died in 2012. View this post on Instagram           I wish I could be at home like this today would have felt safe  maybe even smiled more than anyone has ever seen me smile. Its been 8 years today since you left us Mom... the world has come to a standstill now but mine  @anshulakapoor s world was shattered when u left forget standing still.... we have tried to pick up the pieces some days are tougher than others though... Ive managed to survive 8 years of being an actor  a working individual shes also started her own business with @fankindofficial !!! Anshula more or less runs the house and I run to her if I need something in the house or in life... the world has changed Maa right now in this moment I wish I had you at home would have spent so much time with u that I couldnt when I was trying to lose weight do my acting classes and when I was away shooting ishaqzaade during ur chemotherapy... would have tried to make up for the nonstop sprinting that I would have been upto and maybe taken u for granted... I love u Maa I miss u Maa... I miss having ur name show up on my phone to check up on me... I just hope wherever you are you are happy and watching over ur 2 brats  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Mar 24, 2020 at 11:35pm PDT I wish I could be at home like this today would have felt safe  maybe even smiled more than anyone has ever seen me smile. Its been 8 years today since you left us Mom... the world has come to a standstill now but mine  @anshulakapoor s world was shattered when u left forget standing still.... we have tried to pick up the pieces some days are tougher than others though... Ive managed to survive 8 years of being an actor  a working individual shes also started her own business with @fankindofficial !!! Anshula more or less runs the house and I run to her if I need something in the house or in life... the world has changed Maa right now in this moment I wish I had you at home would have spent so much time with u that I couldnt when I was trying to lose weight do my acting classes and when I was away shooting ishaqzaade during ur chemotherapy... would have tried to make up for the nonstop sprinting that I would have been upto and maybe taken u for granted... I love u Maa I miss u Maa... I miss having ur name show up on my phone to check up on me... I just hope wherever you are you are happy and watching over ur 2 brats  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Mar 24, 2020 at 11:35pm PDT Arjun says that he envies people who have their mothers support. I dont know. Its been eight years (since his mother passed away) but I am still not an expert on dealing with it. Its not like I can give you any kind of take on it because every day is a new struggle. Its like your backbone is broken and they tell you to walk. They just snapped your back and suddenly tell you to stand up and take care of yourselves, you got to be a man, be a boy, be understanding, be cool, be sophisticated, be young, be mature, take it with a pinch of salt, dont react, get emotional, but dont get too emotional. Everything is being told but you dont have that stablity at home to do those things. So I envy those people who have that stability to go back home to their mothers because that makes a difference, he said. Arjun added that the stability in his life now comes from his sister Anshula. View this post on Instagram           Same 2 Same  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Jan 20, 2020 at 12:11am PST Same 2 Same  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Jan 20, 2020 at 12:11am PST Arjun recently celebrated eight years of his debut film, Ishaqzaade. He shared pictures of the script of the film along with some scribbled notes from eight years ago while expressing gratitude to the films cast and crew on the special occasion. Recalling the making of the movie, the 34-year-old star wrote in an Instagram post: Yesterday I found my original shooting script of Ishaqzaade with notes scribbled in them from 8 years ago. At that point of time in my life, self-belief was one thing that mattered the most for me  thats what I got out of Ishaqzaade. Also read:  Sonam Kapoors DIY Batman costume is a hit, actor thanks mom: You really let me express myself Thanking Parineeti Chopra, his co-star in the romantic-drama, Kapoor wrote, Parineeti for being the best co-star that I could have wished for  the entire team of Ishaqzaade for being patient with me every day on the shoot - all your silent support made me believe that I could do this, but most importantly Thank you all of you who welcomed me  that wicked smile of mine !!! (PS - thats me actually looking at the sun  reminiscing in the first picture.) Helmed by Habib Faisal, and produced by Aditya Chopra under Yash Raj Films, the 2012 film marked Arjuns debut in Bollywood. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 17:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/regional-movies/kannada-tv-actor-mebeina-michael-dies-in-road-accident/story-0CWPySeNSuPSyLN8xLLDBI.html</url>
<title>Kannada TV actor Mebeina Michael dies in road accident</title>
<body >Kannada television actor Mebeina Micheal died in a road accident on Tuesday evening. The 22-year-old actor ,  who gained popularity on the reality show Pyaate Hudugir Halli Life, was on her way to her hometown Madikeri and the accident took place near Devihalli in Karnataka, reports indiatoday.in. Mebeina was travelling with friends when her car rammed into a tractor. The reality shows host, actor Akul Balaji, took to Twitter to express his shock. Shock to hear the sudden demise of one of my favourite contestant and winner of phhl 4 ..mebina,soo young and full of life,cant digest the fact..my prayers for her family to get over the tragedy, he wrote. Shock to hear the sudden demise of one of my favourite contestant and winner of phhl 4 ..mebina,soo young and full of life,can't digest the fact..my prayers for her family to get over the tragedy pic.twitter.com/KuB0UdsWnz Akul Balaji (@AkulBalaji) May 27, 2020 Shock to hear the sudden demise of one of my favourite contestant and winner of phhl 4 ..mebina,soo young and full of life,can't digest the fact..my prayers for her family to get over the tragedy pic.twitter.com/KuB0UdsWnz All the people involved in the accident were taken to a nearby hospital. While Mebeina died because of her injuries, her friends are recovering at the hospital. Also read: Happy birthday AbRam: These photos of Shah Rukh Khans son with Aryan, Suhana, Gauri prove he is familys darling Mebeina started her career as a model and gained fame when she was declared as the winner of the season four of Pyaate Hudugir Halli Life. According to indiatoday.in, a case has been filed at the Belluru police station. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/samantha-akkineni-is-ecstatic-as-she-touches-10-million-mark-on-instagram-plans-to-donate-to-10-ngos/story-c2KPJko9iJzNIl59cAOBsM.html</url>
<title>Samantha Akkineni is ecstatic as she touches 10 million mark on Instagram, plans to donate to 10 NGOs</title>
<body >South star Samantha Akkineni has amassed 10 million followers mark on Instagram and she would be donating to 10 NGOs to celebrate the occasion.The actor took to Instagram on Tuesday and said she is following the footsteps of Hollywood star Natalie Portman, who donated to seven NGOs after touching seven million followers on Instagram. Yay 10 million... taking a cue from the gorgeous Natalie Portman. I have donated to 10 amazing NGOs in honour of my big ten million family. love you (sic), Samantha wrote. View this post on Instagram           Yayyyyyyyyyy 10 million  ... taking a cue from the gorgeous @natalieportman  I have donated to 10 amazing NGOs in honour of my big ten million family I love you all #thebigten ... @ashakuteer #laharioldagehome @desire_society #valmikifoundation @spandanasociety @akshayatrust #BharathaMathaSocialServiceSociety @maaillu @goodsamaritansindia #NirmanAssociation Logistics: @donatekart @seshankabinesh A post shared by  Samantha Akkineni (@samantharuthprabhuoffl) on May 26, 2020 at 3:21am PDT Yayyyyyyyyyy 10 million  ... taking a cue from the gorgeous @natalieportman  I have donated to 10 amazing NGOs in honour of my big ten million family I love you all #thebigten ... @ashakuteer #laharioldagehome @desire_society #valmikifoundation @spandanasociety @akshayatrust #BharathaMathaSocialServiceSociety @maaillu @goodsamaritansindia #NirmanAssociation Logistics: @donatekart @seshankabinesh A post shared by  Samantha Akkineni (@samantharuthprabhuoffl) on May 26, 2020 at 3:21am PDT The actor, who has worked in Tamil and Telugu industry for nearly a decade, will next be seen on season two of Amazon Prime Video series The Family Man.  Created by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK, the drama-thriller features Manoj Bajpayee, Priyamani and Sharib Hashmi, among others. Also read: Bhagyashree says a photographer once asked Salman Khan to catch and smooch her. His reply won her over Samantha is quite active on Instagram and had recently posted pictures from one of the first pre-weddingfunctions of actor Rana Daggubati and designer Miheeka Bajaj. She had written: Thankyou for bringing us the best news of 2020  @ranadaggubati @miheeka ... heres to your happily ever after @tpt.toast. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/regional-movies/no-direct-to-ott-release-for-mammootty-s-one-makers-confirm-film-will-head-to-theatres/story-OtbSWCcB0DOXLW60MKOm5N.html</url>
<title>No direct to OTT release for Mammoottys One, makers confirm film will head to theatres</title>
<body >The makers of Mammoottys upcoming Malayalam political drama have confirmed that they have no plans of releasing their film on any OTT platform and will wait for a theatrical release. The makers confirmed their stand to go for theatrical release via a statement. We would like to bring it to your kind attention that we are not planning to release our movie One through OTT platforms. We are looking at a theatrical release of One once the pandemic situation settles down and we get back to normalcy. Taking a moment to express our gratitude and respect to everyone in the front line relentlessly working to tackle the existing challenges. Until then, lets stay united in our distances, read the statement. Directed by Santosh Vishwanath, One stars Mammootty in the role of Keralas chief minister. He was recently seen playing the role of a CM, after featuring as late YS Rajasekhar Reddy, former Andhra Pradesh chief minister, in Telugu film Yatra. Mammootty had also played the role of chief minister in the Tamil film Makkal Aatchi which released in 1997. Also read: When Kartik Aaryan borrowed hairstylists t-shirt for stage performance, changed on the road. Watch The film also stars Vishnu Unnikrishnan, Renji Panicker, Sreenivasan, Joju George and Murali Gopy in important roles while Ishaani Krishna makes her acting debut. The first look of One was unveiled last November. The poster featured Mammootty seated on a chair wearing glasses, a white shirt and dhoti. The name of his character is Kadakkal Chandran. Mammootty was recently seen on screen in Malayalam period film, Mamangam. He had said in a media interaction that he accepted the project because he saw it as an opportunity to take history of Mamangam to audiences. Directed by M Padmakumar, Mamangam also featured Prachi Tehlan, Iniya, Unni Mukundan and Tarun Arora among others. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/facebook-buys-9-9-in-jio-platforms-for-5-7bn/story-GsRWxqmj1esRVXdkpAMjMM.html</url>
<title>Facebook buys 9.9% in Jio Platforms for $5.7 billion</title>
<body >Facebook Inc. bet a massive $5.7 billion in the digital assets of Reliance Industries Ltd, aimed at leveraging the reach of the Indian companys telecom assets and WhatsApps 400 million local users to connect small businesses and consumers in Asias third largest economy. The social media giant will purchase a little less than 10% of Jio Platforms, which houses its telecom and digital businesses, becoming the largest minority shareholder, Reliance Industries Ltd said on Wednesday. The investment, which values Jio Platforms at around $66 billion, will help Reliance Industries cut its spiralling debt pile. Facebooks decision to press ahead with the investment at a time the global economy has been savaged by the coronavirus pandemic signals its confidence that Indians will continue to embrace digitisation and take to online shopping and payments. At the core of their partnership lies millions of offline small businesses, whom Jio and Facebook have been courting to integrate into their digital ecosystems. The valuation of Jio Platforms puts the Reliance Industries unit in the league of Indias largest household goods maker Hindustan Unilever Ltd and the nations largest private lender HDFC Bank Ltd, and almost on a par with its parents oil and gas business. Jio Platforms combines RILs digital apps and its mobile phone services unit Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd. The transaction, the biggest non-control minority investment by any technology company, also sets the stage for future fund- raising rounds for Jio. The RIL stock jumped by as much as 12% in intraday trading following the announcement and closed 10% higher on Wednesday. Facebook will get a board seat on Jio Platforms. Plummeting oil prices have put a question mark on a potential $15 billion investment by Saudi Aramco in Reliance Industries oil and gas business that was announced in August. We view the Facebook investment as a structural positive for Jio. Given Facebooks expertise in monetizing data via its platforms, it should accelerate Jios monetization of the vast data it collects from its 400 million subscribers (and growing). So far, almost all of Jios revenue is mobile tariff-based and, though the company has taken initial steps to create alternative revenue streams, we have not yet seen material revenue streams so far. The Facebook investment should accelerate the process, said JP Morgan Equity Research in a report dated 22 April. The two companies said they will work together on major projects that will open up commerce opportunities. At the core of our partnership is the commitment that Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook, and I share for the all-round digital transformation of India and for serving all Indians, said Mukesh Ambani, chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries. Facebook, which counts India as its biggest market by number of users, echoed Ambanis views. The country is in the middle of a major digital transformation, and organizations like Jio have played a big part in getting hundreds of millions of Indian people and small businesses online, Zuckerberg, Facebooks chief executive, said in a post on his Facebook page. With communities around the world in lockdown, many of these entrepreneurs need digital tools they can rely on to find and communicate with customers and grow their businesses, he said. Facebooks popular messenger app WhatsApp is looking to launch a payment serice in India. Once the payment interface is integrated with the Jio platform, it would emerge as a serious challenger to established e-commerce players such as Amazon and Flipkart, according to analysts. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 22, 2020 23:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/silver-lake-to-invest-rs-5-655-75-cr-in-reliance-s-jio-platform-statement/story-Ol7qPfplTqarEjXI3PdjLK.html</url>
<title>Silver Lake to invest Rs 5,655.75 cr in Reliances Jio Platform</title>
<body >Private equity firm Silver Lake will invest $750 million or Rs 5,655.75 crore in Reliance Jio Platforms, the Indian company said on Monday. The deal would come less than two weeks after Facebook Inc said it would pay $5.7 billion for a nearly 10% stake in Jio. Reliance Industries said in a regulatory filing on Monday that this investment values Jio Platforms at an equity value of Rs 4.90 lakh crore. The enterprise value will be of Rs 5.15 lakh crore and represents a 12.5% premium to the equity valuation of the Facebook investment announced on April 22, 2020, it said. Silver Lake has an outstanding record of being a valuable partner for leading technology companies globally. Silver Lake is one of the most respected voices in technology and finance, Mukesh Ambani, Reliance Industries Ltds chairperson and managing director said. We are excited to leverage insights from their global technology relationships for the Indian Digital Societys transformation, Ambani added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 04, 2020 09:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/vista-buys-rs-11-367-crore-stake-in-jio-platforms/story-S2gk1LabSsiG1hXjn5fgjN.html</url>
<title>Vista buys Rs 11,367 crore stake in Jio Platforms</title>
<body >Vista Equity Partners agreed to invest Rs 11,367 crore in a Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) unit on Friday, the Indian companys third mega stake sale in as many weeks, as chairman Mukesh Ambani raced to raise a total of Rs 60,596 crore from three investors, including Facebook Inc. US-based Vista Equity Partners will get a 2.3% stake in Jio Platforms Ltd, RILs digital unit. Facebook and Silver Lake Partners also bought stakes in Jio in the past 15 days. The Vista investment gives Jio an equity value of Rs 4.91 lakh crore and an enterprise value of Rs 5.16 lakh crore. The investment proceeds will be used to redeem optionally convertible preference shares held by parent RIL, and achieve the companys aim to wipe off its debt by March 2021. As of December 31, Reliances net debt stood at Rs 1.53 lakh crore. This (the Vista deal), along with the Silver Lake and Facebook deals, coupled with the closure of its Rs 7,000 crore stake sale to BP in its oil marketing venture, should imply a cash infusion of over Rs 67,000 crore (in RIL). In addition, the closure of its recently announced Rs 53,215 crore rights issue and the managements hope to sign another potential investor of a size similar to Facebook in Jio Platforms in coming months gives Reliance confidence that it will reduce net debt by Rs 1.5 lakh crore well before the target date of March 21, analysts at CLSA said. Jio Platforms comprises RILs digital businesses, including telecom services of Jio Infocomm (mobile and broadband), Jios suite of apps, digital investments and technology capabilities. </body>
<date >Updated: May 08, 2020 23:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/general-atlantic-to-invest-873-million-in-jio-platforms/story-LscvLDDR2og2rBlruXRrzL.html</url>
<title>General Atlantic to invest $873 million in Jio platforms</title>
<body >General Atlantic, the U.S. investment firm that helped fund Airbnb Inc. and Uber Technologies Inc., will invest about 66 billion rupees ($873 million) in Reliance Industries Ltd.s Jio Platforms Ltd. The deal to acquire a 1.3% stake values Jio Platforms at an enterprise value of 5.16 trillion rupees ($68 billion), the company said. The transaction takes the total investment raised by Jio to 671.9 billion rupees after it sold stakes to Facebook Inc., Silver Lake and Vista Equity Partners. Investors are betting on Jios access to Indias huge consumer market, and its potential to shake up traditional industries in the country -- from retail to education and payments -- with its technology. India is the only major open Internet market where foreign technology giants such as Amazon.com Inc., Walmart Inc. and Googles parent Alphabet Inc. can compete for market share. General Atlantics endorsement and partnership energizes Jios young team to set, and achieve, even more ambitious goals, said Akash Ambani, director of Reliance Jio, and Chairman Mukesh Ambanis son. Jio is committed to make a digitally inclusive India that will provide immense opportunities to every Indian citizen especially to our highly talented youth. Jio Platforms, a wholly owned unit of Reliance Industries, brings together Jios digital apps, ecosystems and the wireless platform offered by telecommunications carrier, Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd., under one umbrella, according to the Mumbai-based company. Saudi Arabias $320 billion sovereign wealth fund is also considering purchasing a minority stake in Jio, Bloomberg News reported on May 9. </body>
<date >Updated: May 17, 2020 19:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/priyanka-chopra-makes-surprise-appearance-in-nick-jonas-new-song-until-we-meet-again-gets-showered-with-kisses-watch/story-bTUaldwcAgKyBBUq9xFjJL.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra makes surprise appearance in Nick Jonas new song Until We Meet Again, gets showered with kisses. Watch</title>
<body >Nick Jonas, who was one of the coaches of the singing reality show The Voice, performed his new single Until We Meet Again at the finale. His wife Priyanka Chopra made a special appearance at the end of the video. In an Instagram post, he revealed that a portion of the earnings from the song will be donated to charity. Wrote a new song called #UntilWeMeetAgain to perform on tonights #TheVoiceFinale and its out now! A portion of the proceeds will be donated to @feedingamerica. Thank you all for an amazing first season on @nbcthevoice! he wrote. View this post on Instagram           Wrote a new song called #UntilWeMeetAgain to perform on tonights #TheVoiceFinale and its out now! A portion of the proceeds will be donated to @feedingamerica. Thank you all for an amazing first season on @nbcthevoice!! A post shared by  Nick Jonas (@nickjonas) on May 19, 2020 at 8:03pm PDT Wrote a new song called #UntilWeMeetAgain to perform on tonights #TheVoiceFinale and its out now! A portion of the proceeds will be donated to @feedingamerica. Thank you all for an amazing first season on @nbcthevoice!! A post shared by  Nick Jonas (@nickjonas) on May 19, 2020 at 8:03pm PDT Until We Meet Again was dedicated to those working on the frontlines during the coronavirus pandemic. It appears that the video was shot by Priyanka outside their sprawling Los Angeles mansion. While it primarily features Nick, she makes a special appearance at the end and he showers her with kisses.  Currently, Nick and Priyanka are in quarantine at their Los Angeles home. The couple has joined the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, contributing to a number of relief funds and humanitarian aid organisations, including the PM-Cares fund, Unicef, Give India and Goonj, among others. Also read: Ranveer Singh wonders if 10 is the new six as Tiger Shroff shows off his abs in new shirtless pic Priyanka is also contributing $100,000 in total to women who are rising above everything during the coronavirus crisis. Nick and Priyanka were also a part of livestreamed benefit concerts I for India and One World: Together At Home to raise funds for coronavirus relief efforts. Meanwhile, Nick and Priyanka have joined hands to produce a reality show inspired by their own sangeet ceremony. The unscripted Amazon Prime show will show the journey of each couple as they gear up for their special day and rehearse for an epic sangeet performance. They will be assisted by a team of celebrity choreographers, stylists, and creative directors. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 14:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ananya-panday-gets-trolled-for-considering-koffee-with-karan-as-barometer-of-success-twitter-asks-are-national-awards-a-joke/story-kLMRh6p67Gv2MkMN32AhQP.html</url>
<title>Ananya Panday gets trolled for considering Koffee With Karan as barometer of success, Twitter asks are National Awards a joke?</title>
<body >A video clip in which Bollywood actor Chunky Pandays daughter Ananya Panday talks of her fathers struggle and nepotism in the film industry went viral on Twitter, with users posting funny comments over her remark that her father never featured on Karan Johars Koffee with Karan as he has never worked in Dharma Production movies. #KoffeeWithKaran trended as Twitterati made fun of Ananyas contention.In the viral clip, after Ananya had explained her family background and her own journey in Bollywood, another panelist Siddhant Chaturvedi remarks: Jahan hamare sapne poore hote hain vahan inn ka struggle shuru hota hai (her struggle starts where our dreams come true). The clip got 231.2K views. Jahan humare sapne poore hote hain,wahan unka struggle shuru hota hai. Wah Siddhant Wah, kya line hai. Respect  this boy knows what life is. Too good. Wah kunal kohli (@kunalkohli) January 1, 2020 Jahan humare sapne poore hote hain,wahan unka struggle shuru hota hai. Wah Siddhant Wah, kya line hai. Respect  this boy knows what life is. Too good. Wah Siddhant, who played Ranveer Singhs mentor MC Sher in 2018 film, Gully Boy won hearts with his statement. Filmmaker Kunal Kohli hailed Siddhant for his impressive one liner and said, Jahan humare sapne poore hote hain,wahan unka struggle shuru hota hai. Wah Siddhant Wah, kya line hai. Respect. this boy knows what life is. Too good. Wah. A user shared a clip from Gully Boy and captioned it, Boht Hard Bantai! Boht Hard Bantai! pic.twitter.com/N4sMePSh6i Adi Bhai Jordaar (@MuradsAdi) January 1, 2020 Boht Hard Bantai! pic.twitter.com/N4sMePSh6i Reacting to Ananyas statement, a user tweeted, Being on Koffee with Karan is a major achievement in #Bollywood. National award vagrh to mazak h!! Another user said: Did she just really say that she struggled because her dad wasnt invited to Koffee with Karan...? GIRL WHAT!!! Sending prayers and condolences to Chunkey Pandey for not being on Koffee with Karan show.Almost started crying looking at HOW MUCH ananya pandey struggled to get into the industry. pic.twitter.com/SqidkyqJzX S (@ShreeShetty8) January 1, 2020 Sending prayers and condolences to Chunkey Pandey for not being on Koffee with Karan show.Almost started crying looking at HOW MUCH ananya pandey struggled to get into the industry. pic.twitter.com/SqidkyqJzX Being on Koffee with Karan is a major achievement in #Bollywood National award vagrh to mazak h!! Sagar (@SK171999) January 1, 2020 Being on Koffee with Karan is a major achievement in #Bollywood National award vagrh to mazak h!! A post read: Ananya Pandey -- My dad has gone through so many things, he has never been on Koffee with Karan. Bade log badi badi struggle (Big people have big big struggles). Koffee with Karan now OFFICIALLY became a barometer for measuring success in Bollywood, commented a user. Ananya Pandey is the most humble  relatable actress in Bollywood right now. Even my dad hasnt been on Koffee with Karan. I understand the struggle. Youd know the pain too if your father hasnt been on Koffee with karan. Shridhar V (@iimcomic) January 1, 2020 Ananya Pandey is the most humble  relatable actress in Bollywood right now. Even my dad hasnt been on Koffee with Karan. I understand the struggle. Youd know the pain too if your father hasnt been on Koffee with karan. Ananya Pandey: My Dad has never been on Koffee with Karan...KL Rahul and Hardik Pandya#AnanyaPanday pic.twitter.com/0NgizkyKQL vicky Yadav (@VickyYadav_) January 1, 2020 Ananya Pandey: My Dad has never been on Koffee with Karan...KL Rahul and Hardik Pandya#AnanyaPanday pic.twitter.com/0NgizkyKQL Another user remarked: If you need some motivation for New Year please listen to these inspiring words by Ananya Pandey ji. Another commented, I almost cried for her when she said my dad has never been on Koffee with Karan. Bhagwan itni mushkil life mujhe na dena please (Please, God, do not give me this hard life). Also read: Ananya Panday equates struggle to not appearing on Koffee With Karan, Siddhant Chaturvedi has a savage reply One user tweeted: Feeling so bad that despite being an excellent painter, my dad was never called on Koffee with Karan. What a struggle!! Even Robert Downey Jr never went to Koffee with Karan. Poor Robert, said another user. (With HT inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 02, 2020 14:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sonam-kapoor-s-diy-batman-costume-is-a-hit-actor-thanks-mom-you-really-let-me-express-myself/story-zA0LEbVLm8seZAXRtCrd4N.html</url>
<title>Sonam Kapoors DIY Batman costume is a hit, actor thanks mom: You really let me express myself</title>
<body >Sonam Kapoor has been revisiting childhood memories of her family as she misses them while staying in Delhi with husband Anand Ahuja during the lockdown. The actor has now shared a childhood picture which shows her dressed as Batman, complete with a cape, at a fancy dress party she attended with her sister Rhea Kapoor. Sharing the photo on Instagram, Sonam wrote, DIY Batman costume for a party that wasnt fancy dress because he was my favourite super hero. Also jumping and dancing with my @rheakapoor is still my favourite thing to do. (Yes those are batman socks and yes I was a nerd). Both Sonam and Rhea can be seen jumping on an inflated bouncer. Adding more details about her costume, she wrote in the comments section, Oh the batman logo is a cut out that I stuck on my black t-shirt. As mom Sunita showered the post with kiss emojis, Sonam replied to her, mom you really let me express myself . Her friend Anum Bashir commented, Aint no shame in your Batman game. Actor Siddhanth Kapoor, son of Shakti Kapoor, also reacted to the post. What fun ya these parties were, he wrote. Also read: Taapsee Pannu poses for magazine cover in her washroom, heres a better look at her Mumbai home. See pics Sonam had recently wished her parents, Anil and Sunita Kapoor, on their 36th wedding anniversary. She and Anand had sent gifts, flowers and balloons to the couple on the occasion. Sonam shared a few pictures of the couple on Instagram and wrote, Happy happy anniversary parents.. I love you so much and miss you so much. 36 years married and 11 years of dating! Insane ! Your love story is the best kind filled with love laughter and family and because angst only belongs in films not real life. Love you love you love you . ps ( you both also produced the three most confident and crazy children ) we hope we make you proud. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 11:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/congress-up-chief-ajay-kumar-lallu-sent-to-14-day-judicial-custodyvideo/video-i5CGOgu0rR5P1zkqVWoEdK.html</url>
<title>Congress UP chief Ajay Kumar Lallu sent to 14-day judicial custody</title>
<body >A Lucknow Court has sent Cong UP chief Ajay Kumar Lallu to judicial custody for 14 days. Ajay Kumar Lallus medical test and corona test have also been done by administration. He will be lodged in a temporary jail. The Congress UP chief was protesting over buses for migrants. Senior party leaders were also arrested with the party chief. Ajay Kumar Lallu sat on dharna for grant of permission to buses. He and Priyanka Gandhis secretary were booked on May 19. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/cyclone-amphan-leaves-trail-of-destruction-in-odisha--west-bengalvideo/video-EQxNGGms1SYuQZObtG3cpM.html</url>
<title>Watch: Cyclone Amphan leaves trail of destruction in Odisha  West Bengal</title>
<body >Cyclone Amphan leaves trail of destruction in Odisha and West Bengal. It made a landfall on the coastal region of West Bengal  Odisha on 20 May. At least 12 people have been killed in West Bengal. High velocity winds uprooted trees and electric poles in several areas. Several vehicles were damaged and roads have been blocked. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/situation-related-to-cyclone-amphan-is-fast-transforming--ndrf-chiefvideo/video-SOOUllZ2oFqfuMe5A1nboJ.html</url>
<title>Situation related to Cyclone Amphan is fast transforming: NDRF chief</title>
<body >NDRF chief SN Pradhan spoke on Cyclone Amphan and the preparations being taken to tackle it. Pradhan was addressing a press conference with IMD DG Mrutyunjay Mohapatra. Situation is fast transforming, a close watch is being kept, he said. Pradhan added, All teams have wireless and satellite communications. We are not dependent on any communication system. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/if-you-had-allowed-priyanka-gandhi-targets-up-govt-over-buses-for-migrantsvideo/video-QLjdCAMLiNSyls7bNSei7N.html</url>
<title>If you had allowed: Priyanka Gandhi targets UP govt over buses for migrants</title>
<body >Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Wednesday targeted the Uttar Pradesh government for not allowing the buses arranged by the party to ferry migrants enter the state. She said that the Yogi Adityath government insisted on producing the papers of the vehicles, and delayed the initiative by wasting time in communication. If you had allowed these buses to run, around 72,000 people would have been home by now. But they were engaged in politics. The buses were are standing at the Rajasthan-Uttar Pradesh border since yesterday and are not being of any help, Gandhi said at a digital press conference. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/watch-congress-up-chief-arrested-for-dharna-over-buses-for-migrantsvideo/video-mmV2CxWNo76PoK2tXOQprM.html</url>
<title>Watch: Congress UP chief arrested for dharna over buses for migrants</title>
<body >Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee president Ajay Kumar Lallu was detained on Tuesday for holding a dharna with partymen on the Bharatpur- Agra highway demanding that buses stranded on the border should be allowed to move towards Noida and Ghaziabad to be provided to district administration there. Along with Lallu, other party leaders Pradeep Mathur, Vivek Bansal were also detained. The Congress and the Yogi government have been involved in a tussle over the buses that the party proposed to provide in order to send stranded migrant workers home. Watch the video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/cyclone-amphan---41-teams-on-ground-in-odisha-bengal-says-ndrf-chiefvideo/video-uAKP2gjEx5pDOEKl17I76K.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan: 41 teams on ground in Odisha, Bengal, says NDRF chief</title>
<body >Super cyclone Amphan is expected to make a landfall on Wednesday evening. Amphan will make landfall on coasts of West Bengal and Bangladesh. NDRF chief said that 41 teams are on ground in Odisha and West Bengal. IMD Kolkata said that Amphan is likely to maintain intensity till May 21 morning. Amphan will hit coastal parts of Bengal in the evening and venture towards Bangladesh. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/stones-pelted-at-police-at-delhi-gurugram-border-over-movement-restrictionvideo/video-G63cvsewu5WAaM5Hg5itRL.html</url>
<title>Stones pelted at police at Delhi-Gurugram border over movement restriction</title>
<body >A group of people pelted stones at police at Delhi-Gurugram border near Palam Vihar. The incident took place allegedly after they were not allowed to cross the border. The stone-pelters, said to be migrant workers, were trying to cross border and enter Gurugram. On Tuesday, Haryana government has ordered for strict implementation of Centres guidelines during lockdown 4.0. MHA has allowed resumption of economic and other activities with restrictions, except in containment zones. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/super-cyclone-amphan-to-hit-west-bengal-today-landfall-likely-near-sunderbansvideo/video-MhzvmgrjdhAMANQFvXkXNI.html</url>
<title>Super cyclone Amphan to hit West Bengal today, landfall likely near Sunderbans</title>
<body >Super cyclone Amphan is likely to make landfall on coasts of West Bengal and Bangladesh on Wednesday evening. Amphan lay about 120-kilometre east-southeast of Paradip, Odisha at 8:30 am today. Amphan will cross Bengal-Bangladesh coasts between Digha and Hatiya Islands close to Sunderbans today. According to IMD, Amphans landfall process will commence from today afternoon. Extremely severe Amphan is the biggest in Bay of Bengal after 1999 cyclone that hit Odisha. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/why-not-for-70-years-asks-union-minister-as-new-j-k-domicile-rules-announced/video-EgD0SmHjpKZj7jXA1uKdcL.html</url>
<title>Why not for 70 years, asks Union minister as new JK domicile rules announced</title>
<body >JK govt has notified rules for granting of domicile certificates. Domicile needed to apply for jobs, avail privileges restricted to JK residents. The new rules specify various conditions and process to get certificate. Union minister Jitendra Singh took a jibe at Opposition leaders over the move. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/vikram-chandra-on-1-00-000-covid-cases-super-cyclone-other-top-stories/video-Ggst1nOGhda0AIGtZD3T7H.html</url>
<title>Vikram Chandra on 1,00,000 Covid cases, Super Cyclone, other top stories</title>
<body >India now has over 1,00,000 Covid+ cases however, as per government data, the country has a relatively low mortality rate. With increasing movement of people and lockdown relaxations, these numbers are likely to grow further. What is crucial at this juncture is that proper healthcare facilities be provided to those people who are travelling to their home states. Meanwhile lakhs have been evacuated off the coast of Odisha and West Bengal as Super Cyclone Amphan is set to make a landfall on Wednesday afternoon. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/cyclone-in-time-of-covid-ndrf-chief-on-amphan-preparation-amid-pandemic/video-g7TdB5NWP3hyBWBlrOn0VI.html</url>
<title>Cyclone in time of Covid: NDRF chief on Amphan preparation amid pandemic</title>
<body >SN Pradhan, Director General of National Disaster Response Force briefed the media about preparation for the landfall of cyclone Amphan, which is expected to happen tomorrow. Pradhan said that the force is facing two challenges, the cyclone, and the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic. Preparations for impact of the cyclone are being made keeping issues such as social distancing in mind. When Amphan makes landfall, it is likely to be in the category of extremely severe cyclonic storm, and expected to cause most damage in Odisha and West Bengal. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/online-booking-for-200-trains-to-begin-at-10-am-today/story-67V6QHKVV7sR7go6hvjG4L.html</url>
<title>Online booking on IRCTC for 200 trains to begin at 10 am today</title>
<body >The Railways will today commence bookings for the second lot of trains announced on Wednesday. The booking will start at 10 am. Only online e-ticketing will be done through IRCTC website or through Mobile App, and no tickets will be booked across the reservation counter on any railway station, the Railways said. The ARP (advance reservation period) shall be maximum 30 days and RAC and wait list will be generated as per extant rules, it said. Those with waiting list tickets will not be permitted to board the train, the Railways added. No unreserved (UTS) tickets will be issued and no tickets will be issued on board to any passenger during the journey, it said, adding no tatkal (instant) and premium tatkal booking shall be permitted. The Railways had on Wednesday issued a list of 100 pairs of trains that it will operate from June 1, putting in operation popular trains such as Durontos, Sampark Krantis, Jan Shatabdis and Poorva Express. It said that these will have both air conditioned (AC) and non-air conditioned classes and fully reserved coaches. Also Read: List of trains that will start operation from June 1 These special trains will run on the pattern of regular trains, covering tier 2 cities and also major state capitals like Mumbai and Kolkata, the Railways said. Fare shall be as normal, it said. But second seating(2S) fare shall be charged for General (GS) coaches being reserved. Seats will be provided to all passengers, it added. Just like the 15 pairs of special trains being run on the Rajdhani routes, on these trains too face cover/mask and Aarogya Setu app will be compulsory and passengers have to reach the station 90 minutes before the scheduled departure of train. Only asymptomatic passengers would be allowed to travel and those found symptomatic will get full refund, railways said. All quotas in these trains have been restored and concessions will be given to only four categories of Divyangjan and 11 categories of patients.Passengers have also been asked to carry their own linen and only packed food items will be available in the panty cars on payment basis, the Railways said. These special services shall be in addition to the existing Shramik special trains being run since May 1 and Special AC trains being run since May 12. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 08:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/asymptomatic-people-can-infect-surfaces/story-9kQUjvmp1c2GPIxf4OeheP.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 crisis: Asymptomatic people can infect surfaces</title>
<body >In a finding that has major implications for people using public transport and sharing office space as the lockdown is relaxed  in India, a study has found that asymptomatic and presymtomatic people with the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) are highly infectious and can extensively contaminate the environment in a very short time. Different surfaces in the hotel rooms of two students, who returned to China from studying abroad on March 19 and March 20, without symptoms were tested three hours after they tested positive on the second day in quarantine, according to the study. Eight of the 22 samples collected from the two rooms tested positive for Covid-19.These included door handles, light switches, faucets, thermometers, TV remotes, pillows, duvet covers, sheets, towels, bathroom door handles, toilet seats and flushing buttons, said the study, which was published in Emerging Infectious Diseases journal of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The detection of Sars-CoV-2 RNA (genetic material) in the surface samples of the sheet, duvet cover, and pillow cover highlights the importance of proper handling procedures when changing or laundering used linens of SARS-CoV-2 patients, concluded researchers. What has fuelled the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic is the long incubation period of the infection, which, on average, takes 5.1 days to show symptoms, according to a study published in March in The Annals of Internal Medicine. During this period, patients do not develop symptoms of cough, fever or difficulty in breathing but begin spreading the infection. Some people have no symptoms because they have mild disease or because they are pre-symptomatic, but they can be highly infective. Young, healthy people are more likely to have mild or no symptoms compared to older people and those with chronic illnesses. Studies show infected people take on average five to six days to develop symptoms, but are infective from day one. Lockdowns prevent undiagnosed infected people from stepping out and infecting others, but with less restricted travel, chances of exposure increase, especially because it is a younger, healthier workforce that is the most mobile, said Dr Ambarish Dutta, associate professor of epidemiology and public health, Indian Institute of Public Health, Bhubaneswar. An earlier study published in the journal, Nature Medicine, on April 15 found around 44% infections were spread by people with no symptoms, with people with Covid-19 being the most infectious two or three days before the symptoms appear. Another study in March found 48% cases in Singapore and 62% in Tianjin, China, were spread by people with no symptoms. The risk of infection and severe disease is higher in older people, men, the obese, the poor, those living in densely populated areas, and people with chronic kidney disease. As lockdown lifts and people become mobile, social distancing, wearing masks and hand washing will be the only defence against the coronavirus disease (Covid-19), for which there is no approved vaccine or cure, said Dr Dutta. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 05:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/50-day-lockdown-relaxation-for-30-days-british-scientists-suggest-new-model-to-beat-covid-19/story-Gv4sUc4rkMGALcJyCGi1nJ.html</url>
<title>50-day lockdown, relaxation for 30 days: British scientists suggest new model to beat Covid-19</title>
<body >The scientists in Britain have suggested staggered lockdown periods to check the spread of coronavirus disease Covid-19. They say there should be system of working for 30 days and then living under lockdown for another 50 days. This cycle is the only way we can get break the chain of infection, the scientists said. They want this arrangement to be in place till 2022. The scientists have based their results on data from 16 countries. The study has been reported by Hindustan Times Hindi language publication Hindustan. The study has been conducted by a group of scientists at the Cambridge University and published in the European Joruanl of Epidemology. Dr Rajiv Chaudhary, who led the research, said that following this routine will help save jobs. It will also help in mitigating financial instability and social interruption. The researchers, however, say that testing, contact tracing and isolation should continue. The researchers have presented three potential scenarios to back their claim. The first, as suggested by these scientists, will help in reducing the spread of the infection. And it will end the pandemic in 18 days, the researchers have claimed. The second scenario talks about taking no steps at all. This will lead to death of 78 lakh people and the pandemic ill last for 200 days. The third scenario presented by the researchers talks about giving relaxations during the lockdown for 50 days and then opening up for 30 days. This, they say, will lead to increase in cases going to the intensive care and result in death of 35 lakh people. The number of Covid-19 cases crossed five million on Wednesday as the pandemic continued to devastate the globe where close to 3,25,000 people have now died due to it and millions more find themselves unemployed and at the risk of poverty. The latest million took 12 days, compared to 11 days that it took for the number to go from three to four million infections. Several hard-hit countries such as Italy and Spain have crossed their peaks and are reopening slowly, but officials have cautioned against a second wave. The number of infections is now equivalent to the population of New Zealand. Brazil, Russia and India are emerging as the new hot spots while the US remains on top of the list of countries adding new cases. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 08:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-likely-today-at-biharboardonline-bihar-gov-in/story-yv9zLAJZtuiJI9WzBA9A0M.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th result 2020 likely today at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in</title>
<body >BSEBBihar matric result 2020: Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB) is all set to declare the Bihar matric result anytime soon.  The board is expected to declare the Bihar Board 10th result 2020 today. Around 15 lakh students are anxiously waiting for their result. According to media reports, the topper verification process was completed on Wednesday and the Bihar Board matric result 2020 can be declared anytime soon. Every year, BSEB declares the result immediately after the toppers verification is completed. Earlier on Wednesday several media reports stated that the Bihar Board matric results 2020 will be declared on May 20. However, no announcement was made by the official. Students kept checking the websites regularly for any update. Register to get BSEBmatric instant result alert and direct link here Even today, no official has revealed the date of result declaration yet. BSEBchairman Anand Kishor will release a press note prior to the result declaration informing about its date and time. BSEB had earlier announced that the Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be declared by the end of March or in the first week of April but the evaluation of matric answersheets were left midway after the central government imposed a lockdown. The evaluation resumed onMay 6 and was completed within a week. Bihar Board has already declared its class 12th results 2020 onMarch 24. How to check Bihar Board matric results 2020: Visit the official website at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in A result link will be flashing on the homepage that will read Bihar board matric result 2020 A login page will open Key in your registration number, roll number and roll code Your result will be displayed on screen Download and take its print out </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 09:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/ms-dhoni-s-strategy-made-it-easier-for-us-robin-uthappa-recalls-bowl-out-against-pakistan-in-2007-t20-world-cup/story-6LrjDsCdCfoLnrgIVfWnWN.html</url>
<title>He made it easier:Robin Uthappa recalls MSDhonis strategy during bowl-out against Pakistan in 2007 T20World Cup</title>
<body >Robin Uthappa, who was part of Indias 2007 T20I World Cup-winning campaign, recalled the famous group-stage encounter against Pakistan that resulted in Indias win via a bowl-out. The young cricket fans in todays era are used to seeing a Super-Over when a game is tied. But in 2007, at the inaugural T20 World Cup, a bowl-out method was used to decide a match, in which five players from both the teams had to bowl and hit the stumps, with no batsman present. The team with most hits would win the encounter. Playing arch-rivals Pakistan in a group stage match, India posted 141/9 in 20 overs. Pakistan needed 12 to win off 6 balls, and India seamer Sreesanth managed to restrict Pakistan batsman Misbah-ul-Haq. Ajit Agarkar and Sreesanth combined to get Misbah run out on the final ball with the scores tied, and the match went to a bowl-out. Also read:Shane Warne remembers media frenzy created by Elizabeth Hurley affair Speaking to New Zealand spinner Ish Sodhi on a Rajasthan Royals podcast, Uthappa said that the run-out shifted the momentum in Indias favour. We had never lost to Pakistan in a World Cup match - but we came so close to losing in that game. The momentum shifted on the last ball when the run out happened, he said. Uthappa further recalled the, then, skipper MS Dhonis strategy behind the stumps that helped out the Indian bowlers in hitting the stumps. By looking at Pakistans performance in the bowl-out, you can tell that they had not practiced it. One of the things MS did differently from Pakistan wicketkeeper (Kamran Akmal) was that the Pakistan keeper stood where normally a wicketkeeper would stand - alongside the stumps, and not behind the stumps. MS was right behind the stumps. It just made it easier because we felt we just need to bowl to MS, and we will give ourselves best chances of hitting the stumps. Thats what we did, he said. Virender Sehwag, Harbhajan Singh and Uthappa hit the stumps for India, registering 3 hits in 3 attempts. For Pakistan, Yasir Arafat, Umar Gul and Shahid Afridi tried hitting the stumps, but all the three players missed. Also read:World Championship of Cricket: The Fish  Chips story behind Sunil Gavaskars India captaincy Uthappa also recalled how the bowling coach at the time Venkatesh Prasad had ensured the team practices bowl out during training sessions. We had actually practiced bowl out. We have to give credit to our bowling coach at that time, Venkatesh Prasad. He was very astute when it comes to these things. He always pays attention to all the rules of the games. He is very studious in that manner, he said. When we had warm-ups, at the end, he would make us play a game of bowl-out. The batsmen played against the bowlers - and we would see who would win. We played 2-3 times, and most of the time, the batsmen won. Stumps were hit most by Viru bhai, Rohit and myself, Uthappa added When the bowl out actually happen, I went straight to MS, and said, I gotta bowl, and he said, sure, okay. That kind of reinforced my belief that I am going to hit the stumps. India, eventually, defeated Pakistan again in the final in another nail-biting contest to win the inaugural T20World Cup trophy. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 11:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/ranchi/33-new-covid-19-cases-tally-touches-281/story-k6AgGwJMPltF4sqU4wv5vI.html</url>
<title>33 new Covid-19 cases in Jharkhand, tally touches 281</title>
<body >Jharkhand on Wednesday reported the highest ever spike in Covid-19 positive cases after 33 people, mostly migrant workers, from across the states six districts were found infected. With discovery of these cases, the total count of confirmed Covid-19 cases rose to 281. While maximum 18 cases were reported from Garhwa district, five each cases were found in East Singhbhums Jamshedpur and Koderma districts. Besides, Giridih district recorded two new cases and Hazaribag, Seraikela-Kharsawan and Gumla districts detected one case each. Click here for the complete coverage of the Covid-19 pandemic In Garhwa, 14 cases were reported from Korwadih, three cases from Vishnupura and one case from Majhiaon blocks. Fourteen migrant workers, who had arrived here from Mumbai and were put in government quarantine centre at Korwadih, were tested positive for Covid-19 on Wednesday. Earlier, one person from this group had been found infected with this respiratory disease. The patients are being shifted to districts Covid-19 hospital, said Garhwa civil surgeon Dr NK Rajak. Click here for the latest updates from the coronavirus outbreak With increase of 18 cases on Thursday, Garhwa district has now 47 positive cases. In East Singhbhums Jamshedpur, three of a family in Govindur locality have tested Corona positive along one patient each from Mango and Golmuri on Wednesday. Since the three patients are from a single family we are secluding the area as a micro-containment zone. But the patients testing positive from Mango and Golmuri didnt come in contact with any other person hence there will be no containment zones in those two localities, said Ravishankar Shukla, East Singhbhum DC. Koderma district also reported five new positive cases. All persons tested positive are migrant workers, said Koderma civil surgeon Dr Parvati Kumari Nag. Giridih civil surgeon Dr B Das too confirmed detection of two new cases from the district. He said, The two patients are migrant workers who had came here from Surat and were kept in government quarantine centre at Jammua block. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 09:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/choked-trailer-anurag-kashyap-cashes-in-on-demonetisation-in-new-netflix-film-watch/story-oMWz9kFkX28ylpDR5fKYoK.html</url>
<title>Choked trailer: Anurag Kashyap cashes in on demonetisation in new Netflix film. Watch</title>
<body >Netflix India has released the first trailer for Choked, the new film by director Anurag Kashyap, starring Saiyami Kher and Roshan Matthew. The film is slated for a June 5 release, and marks Kashyaps second Netflix project of the year, following the anthology film Ghost Stories. According to the official synopsis, Choked is the story of a hapless bank cashier whose life takes an unexpected turn when she finds a source of unlimited money in her own kitchen.  As the cash-strapped, frustrated bank cashier Sarita Pillai (Saiyami Kher) finds a surprise stash of cash flowing out of her kitchen sink every midnight. Her stagnated life finds a new direction to flow into. Night after night, she reaps the rewards of the miracle, as her good-for-nothing husband, Sushant (Roshan Mathew) becomes increasingly suspicious of her riches. Also read: Anurag Kashyap is auctioning off his Filmfare award for Gangs of Wasseypur to raise funds coronavirus test kits Choked marks the first collaboration of Saiyami Kher, Roshan Mathew and Anurag Kashyap. This is the first time that Saiyami Kher and Roshan Mathew are working with Netflix. With demonetisation as a backdrop, Choked explores the power struggle at every level - including those in a middle class home where Sarita earns the bread and Sushant is out of work. The film also features Amruta Subhash and Rajshri Deshpande in supporting roles, and a score composed by Karsh Kale. Several filmmakers such as Nikkhil Advani, Hansal Mehta and Anubhav Sinha took to Twitter to congratulate Kashyap and the team on the film. This marks Kashyaps fourth collaboration with Netflix, following the hit crime series Sacred Games, which he co-directed with Vikramaditya Motwane and Neeraj Ghaywan, and the anthology films Lust Stories and Ghost Stories. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 11:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/rape-complaint-filed-against-father-of-bigg-boss-13-s-shehnaaz-gill-shehbaz-says-allegations-are-completely-false/story-a5aHLpgbw12dYpVgIiFn7I.html</url>
<title>Rape complaint filed against father of Bigg Boss 13s Shehnaaz Gill, Shehbaz says allegations are completely false</title>
<body >Punjabi actor-singer and Bigg Boss 13 finalist Shehnaaz Gills father Santokh Singh Sukh (also known as Sukh Pradhan) has been accused of rape by a 40-year-old woman, who claimed that he forced himself on her in his car at gunpoint. The victim has filed a complaint with the Punjab Police. However, Shehnaazs brother Shehbaz Badesha has claimed that the rape allegations are completely false and an attempt to defame their father. Yes, there has been a case registered with the Punjab Police but these are completely false allegations. The lady in question is trying to defame my father. We are surely disturbed at the moment but we also know nothing is going to happen as we have enough proof that the lady is lying. The mentioned place where the incident according to her happened is under CCTV surveillance and we have arranged for recording of it, he told SpotboyE in an interview. When asked about her motives, Shehbaz said that he does not know the complainant. I really dont know her as Shehnaaz and I have shifted to Mumbai from quite sometime now. But all we know is my father is not wrong and justice will be served to him soon, he said. Also read: Anushka Sharma gets legal notice over casteist slur in Amazons Paatal Lok Currently, Shehnaaz and Shehbaz are quarantined in Mumbai. When asked if they were planning to travel to Punjab to be with their family at this time, he said, For now, we are very much in Mumbai and dont have any such plans. I have been busy with calls since morning and I would like the media to cooperate with us. According to a Dainik Bhaskar report, the Jalandhar-based victim went to Santokhs house in Beas on May 14 to meet her boyfriend. She alleged that he took her to his car on the pretext of making her meet her boyfriend, and then raped her at gunpoint. A case was registered on May 19 after she filed a complaint. Investigating officer, Inspector Harpreet Kaur told the publication that a complaint has been filed and Santokh was absconding when they went to his house to investigate. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 14:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/du-open-book-mode-exams-over-170-teachers-ask-vc-to-not-hold-online-exams-say-will-compromise-sanctity/story-FJUtL0gcQgFSrt6stBE9aI.html</url>
<title>DUopen book mode exams:Over 170  teachers ask VC to not hold online exams, say will compromise sanctity</title>
<body >Over 170 teachers of the Delhi University have urged Vice-Chancellor Yogesh Tyagi to not consider holding online open-book exams, saying the move is least desirable in the current situation and risks compromising the sanctity of the examination process. DU has said it will hold online open-book exams for students in case the coronavirus situation does not improve, triggering opposition from a section of students and teachers. On Wednesday, some teachers and students launched an online campaign against the move. However, in their letter to the VC, the teachers suggested alternatives, saying the final semester students be passed based on internal assessments for this semester and not be assigned any grades for this semesters papers. The overall grade of the students should thus be the one achieved till the last semester... Many universities in the US are following this or a similar method, they said in the letter. They also suggested that the grades for the current semester be constituted based on the performance of the previous semesters along with a component of their gardens in internal assessments. The economics professors said there are very serious hindrances to time-bound online open-book examinations in the pattern suggested by the university. Many students have gone back home without proper study material due to lockdown and many of them reside in cramped spaces and the domestic situation might not be conducive for them to write an exam, they said. There are also serious issues about the sanctity of the exams. As this is designed to be online examinations, how will the university ensure that the answers that the students are uploading are not copied from each other (through parallel internet communication) or dictated by someone else?  One of the serious issues here is that a teacher or a student can be pressurized or incentivized in various forms to reveal the correct answer since the university will be in no position to stop parallel communication while the examination is on, they said in the letter. The varsity instruction that questions be set requiring a deeper understanding of the subject and ones that cannot be copied from elsewhere makes it more difficult for students. This is least desirable in the current situation where students are under stress and often without adequate reading material, they said. The faculty members of Department of Statistics, Ramjas College, have also written a letter to their principal against the move. They too raised the risks of the examination process being compromised. We believe that this kind of hurriedly held online examination will only promote an unfair process of evaluation, which is a serious matter for the future of the students. There is no way of ensuring that each student answers the paper by themselves and chances are high that students may not honestly provide the answers, they said. They said the mode will give undue advantage to students with better access to e-resources. The highly technical syllabus of B.Sc.(H) Statistics, with complex algorithmic computations, makes it further difficult for students to comprehend through online mode of instructions, their letter said. They also raised the issue of availability and affordability of software packages like SPSS, R and C++. They suggested alternative methods like promoting students of first and second year and waiting for an opportune time to conduct pen-paper exams. For final-year students, the faculty members suggested allotting a sum of internal assessment of all papers of the current semester against 25 per cent of the total marks. For the remaining 75 per cent, an average of total marks obtained in all preceding semesters can be used, they suggested. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/covid-19-china-s-defence-spending-grows-at-slowest-pace-since-at-least-1991/story-RdzfeWXDOnmKdE2idieCgO.html</url>
<title>Covid-19:Chinas defence spending grows at slowest pace since at least 1991</title>
<body >China projected defense spending growth of 6.6% this year, the slowest increase since at least 1991, in a sign of the trade-offs Chinas leaders face in confronting unprecedented economic slowdown in the wake of the coronavirus. The Chinese Ministry of Finance said on Friday that defence spending would increase to 1.268 trillion yuan ($178 billion) in the coming year. The figure, which was released at the start of the annual National Peoples Congress session in Beijing, compares with a 7.5% increase last year. China seems to have come out of the pandemic rather quickly and with far smaller consequences than others, but its economy will definitely take a hit, said Nan Tian, a researcher in the Arms at Military Expenditure Program at the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. Some form of scaling back is inevitable. The military spending figure is closely watched by US  and regional policymakers as it represents one of the few pieces of official data available to gauge the development of the Peoples Liberation Army. China was the second-largest military spender in the world in 2019, accounting for 14% of global military spending compared with 38% for the US, according to SIPRI. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/limits-set-on-airfares-govt-asks-states-to-follow-lockdown-guidelines-covid-19-news-today/story-pfcKaFKkREF5QPpeEx9oHI.html</url>
<title>Limits set on airfares, govt asks states to follow lockdown guidelines: Covid-19 news today</title>
<body >Airlines will have to abide by limits set on fares and passengers will follow a host of safety protocols, including declaring their health status and wearing masks, when one-third of domestic flight operations resume on May 25, the government said on Thursday. Separately, it also asked states to strictly follow lockdown guidelines, including the night-time curfew and social-distancing measures, to contain the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak. India unlocks air travel on 383 routes with new rules India will reopen air travel on 383 routes across the country after a two-month gap, the government announced on Thursday, but allowed one-third of the operations beginning May 25 and set limits on fares that airlines can charge in the initial phase of this critical unlocking of swift long-distance travel. Read more No meals, PPE suits for staff and 1 cabin bag in flight norms Passengers boarding domestic flights beginning Monday will have to report at least two hours before departure, declare their health status at the airport, and have to complete the check-in process online, according to the governments guidelines. Read more Covid-19: What you need to know today India is moving again.On Wednesday, the civil aviation ministry announced the resumption of flights, and on Thursday, it came out with the details. There wont be as many flights as there were before the lockdown  just around a third  and the government will define the range for ticket prices. Read more Private airlines likely to be part of third phase of Vande Bharat Mission The third phase of the Vande Bharat Mission, Indias massive programme to repatriate nationals stranded across the globe because of the Covid-19 crisis, is expected to involve private airlines to increase the number of flights. Read more Govt tells states to follow night curfew, flags norms violation The ministry of home affairs (MHA) on Thursday again nudged the states to strictly follow lockdown guidelines, particularly the night curfew, to make sure people observe social distancing norms and contain the risk of infection spreading. Read more Railways allow opening of ticket counters at select stations The Indian Railways has allowed re-opening of reservation counters at select stations and booking through Common Service Centers (CSCs) and agents, the ministry of railways said Thursday. Read more Utilised curbs to ramp up health care infrastructure: Centre India has used the lockdown imposed on March 25 gainfully to ramp up its health-care infrastructure and kept its coronavirus disease (Covid-19) mortality rate relatively low, health ministry officials said on Thursday in response to reports that questioned the effectiveness of what has been billed as the worlds strictest lockdown. Read more Pandemic affected as many as 93 million urban workers: GoM report As many as 93 million urban informal workers, across five sectors -- manufacturing, construction, trade, tourism and hospitality -- have been affected by the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and the lockdown imposed to slow its spread, according to an informal Group of Ministers headed by labour minister Thawarchand Gehlot. Read more Pandemic has hit defence production: Rajnath Singh Defence minister Rajnath Singh on Thursday said the lockdown imposed to check the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) in late March has hit defence manufacturing harder than other sectors. Read more Will meet piped water target despite outbreak: Jal Shakti minister The coronavirus disease (Covid-19) pandemic has made no difference to Indias stated goal of providing piped water to all households by 2024, Jal Shakti minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat said. Read more Culture ministry plans norms for public spaces The Union culture ministry is drafting guidelines for people to enter public spaces governed by institutes that come under its regulation -- including national monuments such as the Taj Mahal, galleries such as the National Gallery of Modern Art, and other museums and libraries -- once the national lockdown imposed to contain the spread of Covid-19 is lifted. Read more Covid-19:Two studies indicate reinfection may not happen Two recently published studies hold promise over one of the most enduring questions since the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19): does a person who has recovered from the highly contagious disease develop immunity against reinfection? Read more Donald Trump accuses China of disinformation attack US President Donald Trump on Wednesday accused China of spreading disinformation about the Covid-19 pandemic on orders coming from the top, a reference perhaps to President Xi Jinping. Read more Apple, Google release tech for Coronavirus pandemic apps Apple and Google on Wednesday released long-awaited smartphone technology to notify people if they might have been exposed to the coronavirus. The companies said 22 countries and several US states are already planning to build voluntary phone apps using their software. Read more When virus queered the pitch The cricket pitch, the sports literal centre, has been impacted by Covid-19. And times running out. Playing surfaces get a top dressing (manure, fertiliser, a special kind of soil) before monsoon hits in June. Read more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/leopard-rescued-from-fencing-wire-dies-in-uttarakhand-fourth-death-in-2-weeks/story-R7iXsJ0h5gE9VChgonuPHJ.html</url>
<title>Leopard rescued from fencing wire dies in Uttarakhand, fourth death in 2 weeks</title>
<body >A leopard died hours it was rescued by forest officials in Uttarakhands Kumaon division on Thursday. The leopard was trapped in a fencing wire. This was the second such incident in Kumaon within a week and fourth leopard death in last two weeks in the state. On getting information from locals, we rushed to the spot and found that a one-year-old leopard was trapped in farm wire near Kunjgadi nullah in the Kapkot area of Bageshwar district. Our team tranquilised it, and brought it to range office after rescue operation but veterinarian declared it brought dead, said Manish Kumar, range officer, Kapkot in Bageshwar. People of the area alerted Kapot municipality chairman Govind Singh Bisht after seeing the trapped leopard near Kunjgadi nullah. Bisht then informed forest officers about the trapped animal. By the time they reached the spot, the leopard was already unconscious due to severe injuries, an official said. It was brought to the range office where the veterinary doctor declared it brought dead. Its body was burnt by forest officials after post-mortem, said Kumar. This the second case that a leopard was trapped in farm fencing wire. In a similar incident, a leopard was found trapped in Bajaili village of Someshwar in Almora on May 14. Forest officials rescued it and brought it to the rescue centre in Almora. After its treatment, the leopard was released in a natural habitat. On Tuesday, carcass of a leopard was found near the roadside in Almora districts Chaukhutiya area. On May 12, two leopards were found dead in Uttarakhand within 24 hours. A carcass of a five-year leopard was found in Jyolikot area of Nainital stuck in a trap wire. In another incident, a ten-year-old leopard was found dead in Pithoragarh district. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/men-sent-to-covid-19-quarantine-allegedly-commits-suicide-in-karnataka/story-LyReNyvdIabzw84TZt7fhP.html</url>
<title>Man sent to Covid-19 quarantine allegedly commits suicide in Karnataka</title>
<body >A man, who had returned from Mumbai to his native place in Karnataka on Wednesday and was sent to quarantine, reportedly committed suicide. The police said that the man hanged himself on Thursday morning. He was working at a hotel in Mumbai and had managed to come back to his native place Moodabidri after inter-state travel was allowed, the police said. However, since he had come from a different state, the 51-year-old was put into mandatory institutional quarantine functioning at a school. The police said that he was stressed about his employment prospects due to the Covid-19 lockdown and that appears to be the reason why he killed himself. The man is survived by three daughters and a wife. His body has been shifted to the district government hospital for post-mortem and police have launched an investigation. This is the second instance of a person under quarantine killing themselves. In a similar incident on April 27, a 50-year-old Covid-19 positive patient had leapt to death from the third floor of a hospital where he was being treated. Meanwhile, there is growing opposition by residents of various localities in Karnataka where quarantine facilities are set-up. On Wednesday, residents of Bapujinagar in Shivamoga had attacked a hostel, which had been designated as a quarantine facility for those coming back from Mumbai, destroying furniture and other equipment. Earlier, residents of Giringar in Bengaluru and Anekal on the outskirts of the city had staged similar protests. Their main concern was that infected people may spread the disease among the people of that area. However, a health department official said this kind of NIMBY (not in my back yard) pheonomenon was not acceptable and while government would strive to ensure that it took all precautions, people cannot take law into their hands. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 08:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/national-emergency-officials-on-pm-modi-s-decision-to-tour-cyclone-hit-areas/story-X20Goku0rBOvBnXf32RpJI.html</url>
<title>PM Modi to step out after 83 days, his first visit is cyclone-hit Bengal and Odisha</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modi is going to West Bengal and Odisha on Friday to take stock of the damage caused by Cyclone Amphan, which ravaged the states on Wednesday. PM Modi will conduct an aerial survey of the damage. The Prime Minister is stepping out after almost three months, officials said. His last tour was to Prayagraj and Chitrakoot in Uttar Pradesh on February 29. The Prime Minister had announced a nationwide lockdown in March due to the coronavirus pandemic which has gripped India and the world. He had urged people to stay wherever they are. The lockdown has since been extended thrice, and PM Modi has not stepped out. But this is like a national emergency, which is why the PM has decided to step out after 83 days, said officials. He will go to Kolkata and 24 North Parganas in West Bengal, they said. He will conduct aerial surveys and take part in review meetings, where aspects of relief and rehabilitation will be discussed, the Prime Ministers Office (PMO) said in a tweet on Thursday night. Cyclone Amphan has left 72 people dead and thousands homeless in West Bengal, battering several parts of the state and washing away bridges and swamping low-lying areas. It also wreaked havoc in Odisha damaging power and telecom infrastructure in several coastal districts. The extremely severe cyclonic storm has weakened and moved to Bangladesh, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said. News of PM Modis decision came hours after West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee pitched for central assistance and appealed to PM Modi to visit the cyclone-hit areas. The state government had moved out five lakh people to shield them from the cyclone that roared into the state on Wednesday, packing winds gusting to a top speed of 185 kmph. Earlier on Thursday, PM Modi assured West Bengal that the country stands in solidarity with it as the state counts its losses in the wake of cyclone Amphan. Have been seeing visuals from West Bengal on the devastation caused by Cyclone Amphan. In this challenging hour, the entire nation stands in solidarity with West Bengal. Praying for the well-being of the people of the state. Efforts are on to ensure normalcy, Prime Minister Modi said in a tweet. PM Modi would first reach West Bengal in the morning and then go to Odisha in the afternoon, news agency PTI reported. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 11:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/more-lifestyle/horoscope-today-astrological-prediction-for-may-21-what-s-in-store-for-taurus-leo-virgo-scorpio-and-other-zodiac-signs/story-EGcx5dIRKdEzNgIZfqHXdL.html</url>
<title>Horoscope Today: Astrological prediction for May 21, whats in store for Taurus, Leo, Virgo, Scorpio and other zodiac signs</title>
<body >The 12 signs in the zodiac have their own characteristics which define a person. The positions of the sun and the planets decide how the day will look for us. Wouldnt it then be helpful if you started your day by knowing what s going to come your way? Go on and find out if the odds are in your favour today: *Aries (March 21-April 20): Spending time with some distant relations will be refreshing. Certain things will begin to get clearer now and afford you a fresh perspective. A good deed done to someone at work may be promptly reciprocated with interest! A profitable deal is likely to pull in a good amount. Someone may motivate you to shake a leg to remain healthy. Good growth prospects are foreseen for some. Love Focus: Some differences may crop up between newlyweds. Lucky Colour: Rosy Brown Lucky Alphabet: P Lucky Numbers: 1,7,8 Friendly Zodiac Today: Gemini  Leo Be careful of: Cancer *Taurus (April 21-May 20): You are likely to enjoy the day with the family. You will manage to keep superiors happy at work. You are likely to achieve your aim on the academic front. Those in business will be able to maintain good earning. A change in lifestyle is likely to find you fitter and more energetic, than before. A promotion will not only give you important responsibilities, but perks too, so rejoice! Love Focus: Love will grow as you plan something special on the romantic front. Lucky Colour: Coffee Lucky Alphabet: E Lucky Numbers: 4,6 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aries  Gemini Be careful of: Leo *Gemini (May 21-Jun 21): You are likely to enjoy yourself with family. It may take some time to get into the right frame of mind at work today. Luck favours some on the academic front. Financially, you may need to conserve money. Good decisions can bring you to the notice of higher ups. Some good health options will help you achieve total fitness. Love Focus: You may enjoy an exclusive time today with the one you love. Lucky Colour: Dark Turquoise Lucky Alphabet: O Lucky Numbers: 8,2 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Cancer Be careful of: Virgo *Cancer (Jun 22-July 22): There is a good scope of adding value to an event, so let your creative side assert itself! You are likely to become the favourite of all, thanks to the efforts of a well wisher. Good going is foreseen for those who have joined a new job recently. Some efforts will be required to remain in shape. You are likely to turn your attention to your health and benefit. You are likely to enjoy your new circle of friends. Love Focus: Romance may not particularly be on your mind today. Lucky Colour: Magenta Lucky Numbers: 6,7,9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Taurus  Leo Be careful of: Libra *Leo (July 23-August 23): You may be tasked to organise something on the family front. Paperwork regarding property is set to get completed soon. Overcoming difficulties on the academic front will be an uphill task. A deal in the offing promises good earning. Something started on the health front is likely to lead to fitness. You are likely to find time and energy to complete a pressing task at work. Love Focus: You rejoice on the romantic front. Lucky Colour : White Lucky Alphabet: K Lucky Numbers: 5,9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Cancer  Virgo Be careful of: Scorpio *Virgo (August 24-September 23): Buying something special to decorate the house cannot be ruled out. A pending property deal is likely to be concluded profitably. Fulfilling a commitment for someone made long ago will be much appreciated. Good financial situation is likely to open your heart for helping others. You will be able to keep an upper hand in a situation at work. You will be able to keep in top physical shape. Love Focus: Romantic front has not looked rosier, so go forth and enjoy! Lucky Colour: Off White Lucky Alphabet: Y Lucky Numbers: 1.5.8 Friendly Zodiac Today: Leo  Libra Be careful of: Sagittarius *Libra (September 24-October 23): A family youngster may want to settle down in life by choosing a mate. Good returns are foreseen from a rented property. A much awaited cheque is received today. Health needs care. You may have to be a bit more aware of what is happening around you at work. Love Focus: Lover may find ways to please you, so sit back and enjoy! Lucky Colour: Chocolate Lucky Alphabet: S Lucky Numbers: 8,5,2 Friendly Zodiac Today: Virgo  Scorpio Be careful of: Capricorn *Scorpio (October 24-November 22): Domestic front may become a place of hectic activity and keep you happily engaged! A good price is likely for a piece of property that you may want to sell. Your helping hand to someone in need will be greatly appreciated. A good earning possibility comes your way that will make you financially secure. Whatever you do on the fitness front, it will come as a boon to you in keeping you fit. Promotion is in the pipeline and is likely to take you places. Love Focus: Cupids arrow is likely to find its mark for those looking for love. Lucky Colour: Dark Pink Lucky Alphabet: O Lucky Numbers: 7,4,1 Friendly Zodiac Today: Libra  Sagittarius Be careful of: Aquarius *Sagittarius (November 23-December 21): Some changes on the home front are foreseen and may take up your time. Good news will keep you in an upbeat mood. A property matter assumes importance. You are likely to take up more physical work to remain in shape. Some more delay is foreseen for a bonus or increment to materialise. Performance at work remains most satisfying. Love Focus: A chance to romance cannot be ruled out! Lucky Colour: Coffee Lucky Alphabet: U Lucky Numbers: 2,5,9 Friendly Zodiac Today: Capricorn  Scorpio Be careful of: Pisces *Capricorn (December 22-January 21): Now you have got the money, you are likely to look for fame. Students are likely to find good mentors. Your popularity on the social front is set to rise. Comfortable financial situation will prompt you to think beyond daily needs. You will be able to win over those who matter on the professional front. You will find ways and means to keep yourself fit. Love Focus: Your interest in someone may soon turn into romance! Lucky Colour: Golden Brown Lucky Alphabet: K Lucky Numbers: 3,7,1 Friendly Zodiac Today: Sagittarius  Aquarius Be careful of: Aries *Aquarius (January 22-February 19): Something important at work needs to be completed fast. Efforts will be required to retain peace and quiet on the home front. A property deal promises to bring in big money. Your focus on the academic front is likely to bring the desired results. You will succeed in achieving your goal of adding to your wealth. Better diet and an active life may be adopted by some for improving health and fitness. Love Focus: Romantic front promises mental solace. Lucky Colour: Light Green Lucky Alphabet: E Lucky Numbers: 7,6 Friendly Zodiac Today: Capricorn  Pisces Be careful of: Taurus *Pisces (February 20-March 20): An enjoyable time is foreseen for those newly married. Your creative eye and style of doing things is likely to be appreciated. Changed lifestyle will do you good. A good bargain and saving money is foreseen for some. Good health will keep you fit and energetic. Family life will prove immensely satisfying as great bonhomie amongst family members prevails. Love Focus: Get into the romantic mood today cannot be ruled out! Lucky Colour: Cream Lucky Numbers: 6,7,4 Friendly Zodiac Today: Aquarius  Aries Be careful of: Gemini The astrologer can be contacted at psharma@premastrologer.com or support@askmanisha.com. Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 06:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sussanne-khan-shares-glimpse-of-workplace-at-hrithik-roshan-s-house-getting-used-to-the-new-normal/story-DsuRpxO5XVMxuLkyFRXyXI.html</url>
<title>Sussanne Khan shares glimpse of workplace at Hrithik Roshans house: Getting used to the new normal</title>
<body >Sussanne Khan has shared her experience of working from home while living with ex-husband Hrithik Roshan and their sons at his house amid the lockdown. She posted a few pictures of her workplace, with the hashtag #bffsgorgeoushome in the caption. Sharing a selfie from the living room and another photo of the sea view from the balcony, Sussanne wrote, Getting used to the new normal.. .typical Wednesday afternoon on my outdoor desk, watching pigeons on the sand while I draw, as the robust sparkling ocean waves become my background score. Mighty grateful for being fortunate enough to have all of this. #outdoordesk #gratefulheart #makethesunyourfriend #persistandperservere #tranquility #bffsgorgeoushome #summeroflockdown2020. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on May 20, 2020 at 12:49am PDT A post shared by Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on May 20, 2020 at 12:49am PDT Earlier, Sussanne had shared a video in which Hrithik, along with his sons can be seen enjoying a beautiful view from their balcony. Along with the video, she wrote a few lines of the poem Leisure by William Henry Davies. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Apr 24, 2020 at 9:34pm PDT A post shared by Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Apr 24, 2020 at 9:34pm PDT What is this life, so full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. No time to stand beneath the boughs And ask with love, about the whys and  hows So stop awhile and do enjoy that stare, Take it in.. absorb as we all are moving.. even though we dont know where. There is, this amazing thing called Life.... as the ultimate dare. Stay Home, Stay strong and full of care, her post read. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2020 at 7:05am PDT A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2020 at 7:05am PDT Hrithik had also shared a video of him playing the piano. He captioned it: Inspired by the 21 day learning challenge by Vedantu (and my little pianists at home). So Im on mission piano. PS: Great for activating both sides of the brain by the way. Also read: Taapsee Pannu poses for magazine cover in her washroom, heres a better look at her Mumbai home. See pics Hrithik had announced Sussannes arrival for the lockdown period on social media and thanked her for temporarily moving back in with him to take care of their sons Hrehaan and Hridaan together. The couple divorced in 2014 after 14 years of marriage. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 09:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kartik-aaryan-is-hopeful-for-the-future-amid-pandemic-says-will-definitely-take-pay-cut-if-it-helps-the-industry/story-axaiBiVAK8bw61EsElfUGK.html</url>
<title>Kartik Aaryan is hopeful for the future amid pandemic, says will definitely take pay cut if it helps the industry</title>
<body >Actor Kartik Aaryan has been staying at home like the rest of the nation during the lockdown. He has kept his fans entertained with his funny posts and also as a content creator. Now, in an interview with journalist Anupama Chopra, he spoke about the situation the industry is in and that, if need arises, he is willing to take a pay cut as well. Anupama mentioned that she had been attending a lot of webinars where the stakeholders in the industry spoke about the future. One of the observations was that Bollywood would take an estimated $1 billion hit. So, as and when the industry resumes operations, there will have to be smaller crews. One of the topics discussed was will stars take a pay cut?. Replying to it Kartik said, I wouldnt want to cut down on peoples jobs. There has to be a solution wherein that problem also doesnt crop up and producers (who are getting hit), they too are saved. There has to be solution and a balance will come out. Whatever it takes for the industry to get together and start working, I think, I am up for it. I would do whatever collectively we decide to do. Also read: Surbhi Chandna says she was almost replaced in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah On pay cuts, Kartik said, If that is something that is gonna help the industry, I think we all should do that. We should be up for it. We have taken a huge hit, as a country and as an industry also. Kartik also shared a quote on pay cuts as his Instagram stories. Through much of the lockdown, Kartik has been conducting interviews with front-line warriors like doctors and cops on Indias war against the coronavirus pandemic. He also keeps posting funny videos with his mother and his sister. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 09:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/deepika-padukone-reveals-she-and-sister-anisha-had-poster-of-this-hollywood-star-on-bedroom-wall-used-to-kiss-him-goodnight/story-tPHSrQVsCahXavrcRJD5dJ.html</url>
<title>Deepika Padukone reveals she and sister Anisha had poster of this Hollywood star on bedroom wall, used to kiss him goodnight</title>
<body >Actor Deepika Padukone has revealed that her sister Anisha and she used to have several posters of Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio in their room, and theyd kiss him goodnight routinely. Deepika told Vogue India, My sister Anisha and I shared a room. We used to sit on that sofa... and play house for hours. We also had several posters of Leonardo DiCaprio on the wall and made it a point to kiss him goodnight every night before going to sleep. View this post on Instagram           Major throwback to 1st January, 2000. I was 13  awkward.I still am. He was having lunch.Curd Rice to be precise.I was hungry, like I always am.But he didnt offer and I didnt ask... #random #anecdote @_aamirkhan A post shared by  Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on May 15, 2020 at 11:41pm PDT Major throwback to 1st January, 2000. I was 13  awkward.I still am. He was having lunch.Curd Rice to be precise.I was hungry, like I always am.But he didnt offer and I didnt ask... #random #anecdote @_aamirkhan A post shared by  Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on May 15, 2020 at 11:41pm PDT Deepika and Anisha often express their love for each other on social media. A few days ago, Deepika shared a picture with Anisha on Instagram and captioned it, I miss you peanut!!! Cannot wait to jump on you and squish you!!! Deepika in an old interview had called Anisha her biggest critic. She had told IANS, She is very honest about her opinion. She is my most blunt critic and she speaks her heart. Even if she is criticising me, I dont mind it because she is very honest and she wants me to do well... Also read: Deepika Padukone misses sister Anisha amid lockdown, says Cannot wait to jump on you and squish you Deepika was last seen in the drama Chhapaak, in which she played an acid attack survivor. The actor has been signed for Karan Johars untitled film to be directed by Shakun Batra. She will be joined by Gully Boy actor Siddhant Chaturvedi and Ananya Panday in the film. Deepika will also been seen as cricketer Kapil Devs wife Romi Dev alongside Ranveer Singh in Kabir Khans 83. The film was scheduled to release in April but has now been postponed due to lockdown. Deepika has been quarantining with husband Ranveer Singh in Mumbai amid the coronavirus lockdown. The couple has also announced that they would contribute to the PM-Cares relief fund. In times like these, every bit counts. We humbly pledge to contribute to the PM-CARES FUND and hope that you will too. Were all in this together, and we shall overcome. Jai Hind. Deepika and Ranveer, they wrote in their social media posts. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 09:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/remembering-former-prime-minister-rajiv-gandhi-on-his-29th-death-anniversary-pm-modi-pays-tribute/story-7Ma8c37u62XC6I93vCufjP.html</url>
<title>Remembering former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on his 29th death anniversary, PM Modi pays tribute</title>
<body >May 21 marks a sad day in the history of Indian politics. A day that will never be forgotten. On this day, twenty-nine years back, former prime minister and stalwart Congress leader Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated during an election campaign in the year 1991. As the nation remembers Gandhi on his 29th death anniversary today, heres revisiting the life of the Bharat Ratna recipient. Rajiv Ratna Gandhi was born on August 20, 1944, in Bombay, to former prime minister Indira Gandhi and freedom fighter, politician Feroze Gandhi. He served as the sixth prime minister of the country, from 1984 to 1989, and was also the youngest ever to hold the office. Rajiv Gandhi took charge of the country as the prime minister after the assassination of his mother and former PM Indira Gandhi in the year 1984. Gandhi came from the politically powerful NehruGandhi family, associated with the Indian National Congress party. His maternal grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru was the first Prime Minister of India. On his death anniversary, tributes to former PM Shri Rajiv Gandhi. Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) May 21, 2020 On his death anniversary, tributes to former PM Shri Rajiv Gandhi. For most of his life, Gandhi remained apolitical. He went to the United Kingdom for studies and returned to India in 1966. Gandhi was a professional pilot for the state-owned Indian Airlines. In 1968, he married Sonia Gandhi, the current president of the Congress party and the United Progressive Alliance chairperson. The couple had two children Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi Vadra. Rahul Gandhi served as the party chief and is a Member of Parliament. Priyanka Gandhi Vadra is the AICC general secretary at present. Gandhi entered the political arena after the demise of his brother Sanjay Gandi in a fighter plane crash in 1980. A year later, he marked his political success by winning his brothers Parliamentary constituency Amethi, Uttar Pradesh in the Lok Sabha elections. He also served as the Congress general secretary before assuming office as the prime minister. Gandhi remained Congress chief until the 1991 Lok Sabha elections. On this day, twenty-nine years back, he was assassinated during an election campaign by an Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) suicide bomber. His wife, Sonia Gandhi took charge of the Congress party and became the party president in the year 1998. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 11:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/taapsee-pannu-poses-for-magazine-cover-in-her-washroom-here-s-a-better-look-at-her-mumbai-home-see-pics/story-t5ypVO7JYioo8OeqUpLRkI.html</url>
<title>Taapsee Pannu poses for magazine cover in her washroom,  heres a better look at her Mumbai home. See pics</title>
<body >Days after Janhvi Kapoor did a at-home photoshoot for a magazine, Taapsee Pannu has also taken up work from home and posed for a magazine cover at her Mumbai residence. The actor shared a glimpse of the Mans World cover on her Instagram account which shows her sitting on a slab in her washroom area. Sharing the cover shot by her roommate Devki, the Thappad actor wrote, When you are under lockdown with your stylist, photographer , concept designer, photo editor, art director all in one  (who also happens to be an amazing pizza chef) this is what comes out of it... Take a bow @devs213. She also gave credit to herself for the hair, makeup and balancing. The actor can be seen applying a lipstick while sitting on her washroom slab as the cover description says writing her own script. Her Pink co-star Angad Bedi complimented in the comments section saying, Nice very pretty woman font @taapsee. Taapsee lives with sister Shagun Pannu and Devki at her Mumbai house which she purchased two years ago. Shagun was quick to take credit for setting up the set and wrote, I had done the bathroom cleaning. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by D e v k i  B (@devs213) on May 20, 2020 at 6:24am PDT A post shared by D e v k i  B (@devs213) on May 20, 2020 at 6:24am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by D e v k i  B (@devs213) on Apr 7, 2020 at 11:36pm PDT A post shared by D e v k i  B (@devs213) on Apr 7, 2020 at 11:36pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by D e v k i  B (@devs213) on May 20, 2020 at 6:01am PDT A post shared by D e v k i  B (@devs213) on May 20, 2020 at 6:01am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on May 7, 2020 at 10:35pm PDT A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on May 7, 2020 at 10:35pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on Apr 11, 2020 at 7:53pm PDT A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on Apr 11, 2020 at 7:53pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on May 22, 2019 at 7:00pm PDT A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on May 22, 2019 at 7:00pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on Apr 7, 2020 at 7:54am PDT A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on Apr 7, 2020 at 7:54am PDT Also read: HBO Max will release the Zack Snyder cut of Justice League in 2021, fulfilling fans dreams View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on Apr 25, 2020 at 10:20pm PDT A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on Apr 25, 2020 at 10:20pm PDT Taapsee occasionally gives a sneak peek into her house on Instagram. In an earlier post, the actor had talked about getting a logo instead of a name plate for her first property in the city. Sharing a picture of the entrance, she wrote, This is the day I had my apartment in Mumbai ready, with all interior work done. It was strange that when I left for the shoot of Manmarziyaan I left from the old apartment I had taken on rent when I first moved to Mumbai n by the time I finished shooting the film n came back I entered the new apartment. Like a new chapter began just like that. It was a very seamless transition for me but it went through its share of teething issues which were all sorted by my sister n mom before I entered home. Made me realise no matter how much effort you put in, the house stays a house until its lived in with your family who then make it Home. She said, Seeing it all come together for the first time was definitely a defining moment in a girls life who wanted to create her own space which she can look at every time she sets an ambitious goal and feel its possible. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 08:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/spurt-in-covid-19-cases-sees-transfers-of-officials-chief-minister-should-go-says-congress/story-cMJsQRiMzA97BrMbFelBFL.html</url>
<title>Spurt in Covid-19 cases sees transfers of officials inMadhya Pradesh; chief minister should go, says Congress</title>
<body >The Madhya Pradesh government on Wednesday transferred Khandwa district collector and superintendent of police, a day after the small border town with Maharashtra saw 90 new Covid-19 patients in a span 24 hours. The Collector, 2010-batch IAS officer Tanvi Sundriyal, was replaced with another 2010-batch IAS officer Anay Dwivedi and was posted as a deputy secretary in the state secretariat, chief secretary Iqbal Singh Bains ordered. A 2012-batch IPS officer, Shiv Dayal, was replaced by another 2012-batch officer and commander of Special Armed Forces 7th battalion Vivek Singh. Dayal will be new commander of the battalion, a Home department order said. These officers are not alone to have faced axe for spike in Covid-19 cases. On May 4, collector of Ujjain, Shashank Mishra, and on May 7, SP Sachin Atulkar were shifted when the city became a Covid-19 hotspot with the death rate being highest among big cities. Indore, the neighbouring district of Ujjain, saw a similar situation earlier when its collector Lokesh Jatav was shifted and replaced with Manish Singh on March 28. Three days later, Indore police chief deputy inspector general (DIG) of police Ruchivardhan Mishra was shifted to a smaller district in the region. However, when Indore collector was shifted, the city had not become a Covid-19 hotspot but virus was spreading fast in certain localities. A day after he took oath as chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan shifted chief secretary Gopal Reddy. However, it had nothing to do with any Covid-19 situation. Reddy was replaced with Iqbal Singh Bains, Chouhans trusted officer, who had been the principal secretary during his previous term as the CM. Reddy was shifted barely a week after his appointment. Then commissioner, health services, Prateek Hajela, was shifted on April 1 - an unusual instance of the state government making public the CMs displeasure with an officer for not able to tackle the Covid-19 pandemic. A tweet from the state government on April 1 evening said, Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan instructed immediate removal of Prateek Hajela from the post of commissioner, health services on his extreme carelessness towards his duties amid the Covid-19 pandemic. The other notable transfers in health department include that of principal secretary, health department, Pallavi Govil Jain and National Health Mission (NHM)s integrated disease surveillance programme (IDSP) director, Swati Meena Nayak. The chief medical and health officers of Bhopal, Ujjain and Khandwa were also transferred. All these officers were involved in tackling Covid-19 situation. Public health expert Amulya Nidhi said, Frequent transfers are no solutions. Indore has become one of major Covid-19 hotspot in the country despite transfers. In Bhopal there are no transfers of collector and DIG police but it is still a major Covid spot in the country. Integrated disease surveillance programme (IDSP) team in health department has seen changes at least thrice. The government must think beyond transfers to see where the problem lies. The fact is the government relies more on bureaucrats than the doctors and those officials who have knowledge of medicines. Its pandemic, not a riot situation. The state Congress has launched an attack on the government. State Congress presidents media coordinator Narendra Saluja asked, If inefficiency is the reason behind these transfers then why chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan should not go from his post under whose leadership the state government failed to control coronavirus in the state and almost entire state has been affected by the disease except five districts? The entire state has earned a bad name as it is one of the worst managed states in the country. Either Chouhan should step down or the Prime Minister Narendra Modi should remove him immediately. Despite efforts chief secretary Iqbal Singh Bains and director general of police (DGP) Vivek Johri couldnt be reached for their comments. They didnt take phone calls and didnt respond to messages. However, former chief secretary of Madhya Pradesh KS Sharma said, Though transfers of officials from any district may not appear a solution immediately, it all depends on the perception of the state government about the particular situation. If a government feels that any officer or officers have failed to control any situation it sends other officers to address the particular situation. The government might have felt that the lockdown restrictions were not complied with strictly in these districts and protocol followed, hence the transfers. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 08:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/markets-open-on-positive-note-sensex-up-60-points/story-Uy6Irt7BLkbgdT8RwMtwdK.html</url>
<title>Markets open on positive note, Sensex up 140 points</title>
<body >The markets in India opened on a positive note on Thursday, with Sensex gaining more than 140 points and Nifty gaining 41 points. At the time of opening on Thursday morning, the Sensex was at 30,959.53 and Nifty was at 9,108. The markets rose for a second straight day on Wednesday spurred by strong corporate earnings and a rise in banking stocks and Reliance Industries. The SP BSE Sensex climbed 2.1 per cent, the most since April 30, to close at 30,818.61 in Mumbai, while the NSE Nifty 50 Index rose by a similar magnitude to reach 9,066.55. The Nifty had suffered three sessions of losses due to disappointment over Indias economic package to support businesses hit by the Covid-19 pandemic. Foreign institutional investors were the main buyers on Wednesday. Shares in financial services firm Bajaj Finance Ltd, drugmaker Dr. Reddys Labs and cement producer UltraTech Cement Ltd rose between 2.6% and 5.7% after their March-quarter financial results. Shares in Reliance Industries Ltd rose 1.8% as the oil-to-telecoms conglomerates rights issue began on Wednesday. The rupee fell 0.2 per cent to 75.7975 per dollar, while the yield on most-traded 2029 bonds was little changed at 6.04 per cent. Sensex had closed 167 points higher at 30,196 and Nifty ended 55 points higher at 8,879 on Tuesday. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 09:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/roles-models-like-him-come-rare-sporting-fraternity-mourns-death-of-hockey-legend-balbir-singh-sr/story-L06ZrAS40IHuKtvqIrft6O.html</url>
<title>Role models like him come rare: Sporting fraternity mourns death of hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr</title>
<body >Indias legendary hockey player and a three-time Olympics gold medallist Balbir Singh Sr passed away on Monday at Chandigarh after battling multiple health issues for over two weeks. Tributes poured in from different quarters for the hockey player who had played major roles in Indias gold medal-winning run in the 1948 London Olympics, 1952 Helsinki Olympics and 1956 Melbourne Olympics. PICTURES: Balbir Singh Sr passes away: A look back at historic career of Hockey legend Saddened to hear of the demise of one of Indias most celebrated Olympians, Balbir Singh Sr. Athletes and role models such as him come very rarely, and it was an honour to know him, and I hope his example will continue to inspire athletes from around the world! wrote Abhinav Bindra on twitter. Saddened to hear of the demise of one of India's most celebrated Olympians, Balbir Singh Sr. Athletes and role models such as him come very rarely, and it was an honour to know him, and I hope his example will continue to inspire athletes from around the world! Abhinav A. Bindra OLY (@Abhinav_Bindra) May 25, 2020 Saddened to hear of the demise of one of India's most celebrated Olympians, Balbir Singh Sr. Athletes and role models such as him come very rarely, and it was an honour to know him, and I hope his example will continue to inspire athletes from around the world! Today, we have not only lost our greatest hockey legend but we have also lost our guiding light. While his achievements in the post-independent era have been well-documented, Balbir Sr remained the greatest fan of the sport and was always there when we needed his advice. Hockey has lost its brightest star and everyone at Hockey India is pained by this news, said Mohd Mushtaque Ahmad, President, Hockey India. Hockey Indias Secretary General Rajinder Singh too expressed his condolence. Balbir Srs achievements in hockey cannot be emulated. It is difficult to mention him in past-tense because for us he was always there. In a tweet Shastri said, #BalBirSingh Ji- A True Giant and a half in his field. Hockey legend out and out. Condolences. #BalBirSingh ji- A True Giant and a half in his field. Hockey legend out and out. Condolences  #BalbirSinghSenior pic.twitter.com/4xClWGmhkT Ravi Shastri (@RaviShastriOfc) May 25, 2020 #BalBirSingh ji- A True Giant and a half in his field. Hockey legend out and out. Condolences  #BalbirSinghSenior pic.twitter.com/4xClWGmhkT Former skipper of the Indian hockey team,  Viren Rasquinha also took to Twitter to condole the demise of Balbir Singh. Very sad to hear of the demise of legendary Olympian Balbir Singh Sr, 3 time Olympic gold medallist. This was from my last meeting with him in Delhi. He was always smiling, so mentally alert, and such a thorough gentleman. What a fine role model,  Viren Rasquinha tweeted. Very sad to hear of the demise of legendary Olympian Balbir Singh Sr, 3 time Olympic gold medallist. This was from my last meeting with him at Delhi. He was always smiling, so mentally alert and such a thorough gentleman. What a fine role model  pic.twitter.com/Sn1wlgdEss Viren Rasquinha (@virenrasquinha) May 25, 2020 Very sad to hear of the demise of legendary Olympian Balbir Singh Sr, 3 time Olympic gold medallist. This was from my last meeting with him at Delhi. He was always smiling, so mentally alert and such a thorough gentleman. What a fine role model  pic.twitter.com/Sn1wlgdEss The veteran hockey player had suffered a cardiac arrest on May 12 and after that, he suffered two more cardiac arrests during the course of his admission in the hospital. Balbir Singh passed away this morning, his grandson Kabir said in a statement on Monday. Balbir Singh was a three-time Olympic gold champion. He played a key role in Indias Olympic victories in London (1948), as a vice-captain in Helsinki (1952) and as the captain in Melbourne (1956). In his illustrious playing career from 1947-1958, Balbir Sr. won 61 international caps and scored a whopping 246 goals. He was also the manager of the 1975 World Cup-winning team. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 12:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/war-of-words-between-piyush-goyal-and-sanjay-raut-over-shramik-trains-from-maharashtra/story-oiNXxyVdSTpCSKgvMWCyOJ.html</url>
<title>In 2am tweet, Piyush Goyal seeks trains list from Maharashtra. Sena replies</title>
<body >A war of words has broken out between Union Minister for Railways and Commerce  Industry Piyush Goyal and Shiv Sena member of Rajya Sabha Sanjay Raut over an alleged 50% less number of Shramik Special trains being provided daily to ferry stranded migrant workers out of Maharashtra, which has reported the maximum number of coronavirus disease (Covid-19) positive cases in the country. On Sunday, hours after Maharashtra chief minister Uddhav Thackeray said the rail authorities have managed to provide only 50% of the trains required to ferry stranded migrant workers back to their home states, Goyal tweeted that they could arrange 125 trains on conditions that they dont run empty and also sought a list of passengers. Earlier, the CM had said that though he had requested the rail authorities to run 80 Shramik Special trains daily, only 40 are operating. Goyal put out a flurry of tweets in response to Thackerays plea and sought various passenger details such as their boarding stations, medical certificates, etc., over the next hour. Later, he again tweeted that the Maharashtra government has been unable to provide the required information even after one and a half hours. He cited that planning 125 trains would take time and the rail authorities would be unable to accede to the state governments request unless they have full details. Raut sprang to the CMs defence and took on Goyal. Maharashtra government has submitted a list to the rail authorities. There is only one request to Piyush Goyalji that the trains should reach their destinations. The train going to Gorakhpur should not end up in Odisha, Raut said. He took a potshot at Goyal and was referring to last weeks incident where hundreds of migrant labourers travelling to their native Uttar Pradesh were instead taken to Rourkela in Odisha. Later, the rail authorities claimed that it was a planned diversion due to congestion on some routes. On Monday, too, Goyal kept up the heat on the state government. Where is the list for 125 trains from Maharashtra? As of 2am, I received a list of only 46 trains of which five are to West Bengal and Odisha, which cannot operate due to cyclone Amphan. We are notifying only 41 trains for Monday, despite being prepared for 125 !!!, he tweeted. Raut replied to Goyal via a tweet. Piyushji, what list was sought for Nagpur-Udhampur train that left on May 14. Please share what efforts have been made to arrange trains first and then to gather passengers? Now, which list are you seeking? Dont forget that you represent Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 20:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/china-to-evacuate-citizens-from-india-amid-pandemic-rising-border-tension/story-AIyBcsob97s6FadjUNyvsM.html</url>
<title>China to evacuate citizens from India amid pandemic, rising border tension</title>
<body >China is planning to evacuate its citizens from India amid the spreading Covid-19 pandemic in the country, a notice issued by the Chinese embassy in New Delhi said on Monday. The notice, published on the embassy website said that students, tourists and businessmen who have been stranded in India will be allowed to fly back to China on special flights. The number of Chinese citizens currently studying or staying and working in India wasnt immediately available. Beijing has asked its citizens willing to return to China to register by the morning of May 27. Also Watch |We will deal...: Army chief on India, China soldiers fight in Ladakh, Sikkim  It includes Chinese citizens who are in India to practice yoga or had come to India for the Buddhist religious circuit pilgrimage. It did not specify when or from where the special flights would take off. The evacuation notice also comes in the backdrop of rising tension between India and China along the disputed boundary between the two countries. The notice put out in Mandarin on Monday morning said those taking the flights will have to pay for the tickets and for their 14-day quarantine once they land in China. Under the unified arrangement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and relevant departments, the Chinese embassy and Consulates in India will assist students, tourists, and temporary businessmen in India who have difficulties and are in urgent need of returning home to take temporary flights back to China, the notice said. The notice expressly forbade those who have been diagnosed with or suspected to have Covid-19 or those who had fever and cough symptoms for 14 days not to take the flights. Close contacts of Covid-19 patients or whose body temperature exceeds 37.3 degrees centigrade will also not be allowed to board. The applicants have been warned to not hide their medical history. Once a passenger who conceals his illness and contact history or finds that he has taken antipyretics and other inhibitory drugs during quarantine inspection is found, he will be held liable for the crime of endangering public safety, the notice said. India was among the countries to evacuate more than 700 citizens and foreign nationals from the central Chinese province of Hubei, worst-hit by the Covid-19 outbreak, and its capital, Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged late last year in February. The second batch of evacuation in late February had been delayed after the Chinese authorities are said to have delayed the required clearances. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/babar-azam-almost-in-virat-kohli-steve-smith-s-league-misbah-ul-haq/story-U1eTyGi32PO8jwsatswBbJ.html</url>
<title>Babar Azam almost in Virat Kohli, Steve Smiths league: Misbah-ul-Haq</title>
<body >There has been no cricketing action in the last two months due to the Covid-19 pandemic but that hasnt been able to keep the likes of India captain Virat Kohli, Australias Steve Smith and Pakistan limited-overs skipper Babar Azam away from news. The discussion about Kohli, Azam and Smith has more or less featured in every social media interview of current and former crickers around the globe. Pakistan head coach and chief selector Misbah-ul-Haq was the latest to put on the hot seat. Maintaining that he doesnt like to get involve in comparing different players, the former Pakistan captain said, Babar Azam is very close to being in the same league as India skipper Virat Kohli and Australias Steve Smith. I dont like comparisons but Babar is currently very close to being in the same class as Virat Kohli, Steve Smith or Joe Root, Misbah said in an interview to Youtube channel, Cricket Baaz. Babar Azam, who is currently the No.1-ranked T20 batsman of the world believes in working hard t compete with the best, said Misbah. Also Read | Selectors will not look at me as they feel Im too old: Harbhajan He believes in the work ethic that if you want to better Kohli you have to work harder than him at your skills, fitness and game awareness. The 25-year-old, who was named captain of the Pakistan T20 team ahead of the Australia series in October last year, was recently handed the reins of ODI team as well. Making him the T20 captain was a tester. We wanted to see how he will respond to this challenge. All of us agree that he has done a very good job and his biggest plus is that being among the worlds top players he leads by example, Misbah said. If you are a performer like Babar then it becomes easier for you to motivate the rest of the team and get things done. Even when I was made captain in 2010 my performances were here and there and I was in and out. But captaincy changed my game and mindset and I became a more hard working and motivated cricketer. Misbah said Babar always challenges himself and would get better as a captain with experience. He is in a zone of his own. He just doesnt want to be in the team. He just doesnt want to play for money. He wants to be the top performer for Pakistan. He is always pitting himself against other top batsmen like Kohli or Smith, he said. Babar interestingly, had played down the comparisons with Kohli. I think its better if you are not comparing. I have said that he is a different kind of a player, and I am a different player, Babar Azam had said in a recent press conference. Misbah said Babar will become a better captain with experience. He loves challenges in the nets and on the field. He has really matured as a player and in time he will get better as a captain with experience. Babar was the leading run-scorer of the T20I series against Australia last year. He also scored 210 runs, which included a hundred, at 52.50 in the Test series against the same opponents. In the two-Test home series against Sri Lanka, Babar ended the series with 262 runs with an average of exactly 262. Misbah feels Babar had changed as a batsman when he got runs in the Tests in Australia. Before that he was getting runs in tests but not consistently. In Australia and in the following tests against Sri Lanka and Bangladesh he changed, he said. (With PTI inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 14:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/when-daniel-radcliffe-said-harry-potter-turned-him-into-an-alcoholic-revealed-details-about-sex-life/story-EzRLMvU28PdwszI57ehlNP.html</url>
<title>When Daniel Radcliffe said Harry Potter turned him into an alcoholic, revealed details about sex life</title>
<body >Actor Daniel Radcliffe struggled with alcohol while filming the Harry Potter movies. Radcliffe spoke candidly about his alcoholism years after appearing in his final Harry Potter film. In an interview to Off Camera in 2019, the actor said that he struggled with the feeling of always being watched as a young actor. He said, In my case, the quickest way to forget about the fact that youre being watched is to get very drunk. And then as you get very drunk, you become aware that Oh, people are watching more now because now Im getting very drunk, so I should probably drink more to ignore that more. The actor, who has been sober since 2010, said that he gave up drinking with the help of his friends. Ultimately, it was my own decision, he said. Like I woke up one morning after a night going like, This is probably not good. He continued, Even at the lowest point, I still loved my job so much. I loved going to set, and there was never a day where my own [feelings] would affect how I was on set, there was never a point where I was like, Oh, I wish this hadnt happened to me, I wish I wasnt Harry Potter. In a separate interview to the BBC, he said, I didnt really know in terms of behaviour, and behaviour in public, that was one of the first times that I felt being famous brushing up against my life. If I went out and if I got drunk Id suddenly be aware of there being an interest in that because it was not just a drunk guy, its like Harry Potters getting drunk in the bar and that carries its own kind of interest for people. Also a slightly mocking interest because it is inherently funny for people. I suppose those were the moments when I first started being Oh, that doesnt feel good. I dont like how Im being looked at in this particular context, he continued. Then the way of dealing with that is to just to drink more, or get more drunk. So I did a lot of that for a few years. Also read: Watch Daniel Radcliffe react to Harry Potter co-star Rupert Grint becoming dad: Its super weird were old enough to have kids Radcliffe added, There are many questions in my life where you can say Is this thing, thing X, the way it is because its in you to be that way or is it because you got famous and were in this slightly crazy situation? Thats not just the sense with my drinking, its a few things where you go I wonder if thats because of Potter or I would have been that way anyway? Ill never know, so its sort of pointless to ask. But I definitely think a lot of the drinking that happened towards the end of Potter and sort of for a little bit after it finished, it was panic and not knowing what to do next and not being comfortable enough in who I was to remain sober. The actor had also spoken candidly about his sex life. In an interview to the now defunct Details magazine, it was revealed that Radcliffe celebrated reaching Britains age of consent, 16, almost three years ago, in the customary manner, with an older girlfriend. The age difference between them wasnt ridiculous but it would freak some people out, he said. In an interview to Elle, he provided more details. He said, It was with somebody Id gotten to know well. Im happy to say Ive had a lot better sex since then, but it wasnt as horrendously embarrassing as a lot of other peoples werelike my friend who got drunk and did it with a stranger under a bridge. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/sex-and-relationships/yoga-for-holistic-health-tackle-obesity-depression-and-other-mental-health-issues-with-yoga-and-meditation/story-qNmFxYabtllIdbs7gr1yvN.html</url>
<title>Yoga for holistic health:Tackle obesity, depression and other mental health issues with yoga and meditation</title>
<body >Yoga can play an important role in restoring health in a holistic manner and promoting better physical, mental, emotional and spiritual health. It is unfortunately a misunderstanding that since yoga is a passive fitness activity, it may not bring about desired weight loss results. In reality, even though yoga doesnt involve rigorous exercise like a HIIT session or fast-paced aerobic activities, it can still help your body burn fat fast. Yoga is a one-size-fits-all solution to stress and also helps alleviate other mental health issues such as depression and anxiety. Following a diet and eating in the right proportions can also aid in controlling blood pressure levels. Yoga improves the functioning of your organs, strengthens your immunity, uplifts your mood and brings a plethora of additional benefits. To support a healthy lifestyle, you can adopt a healthy diet, cut down on your salt intake, and get quality sleep in order to feel refreshed and energetic each morning, says yoga expert Grand Master Akhsar. If you are on a weight loss journey, there is nothing more effective than yoga for overall health benefits. The evidence of its effectiveness is in yogis who have been lean and healthy for centuries. In fact, the weight loss yoga trends like hot yoga and hath yoga are all based on the traditional form of yoga, says Dr Partap Chauhan, director Jiva Ayurveda. Apart from regular practice of yoga, one must also follow mitahara (measured eating), which is not the same as dieting. To follow mitahara, one must eat as a form of devotion to the temple that is our body, he adds. In a fast-paced and results-driven world such as ours, we suffer from severe imbalance in work-life routines, and also desk-bound sedentary lifestyle giving rise to lifestyle disorders such as hypertension, hypotension, diabetes, PCOS, obesity, mental health issues and more. Hypertension is caused by stress, excess alcohol consumption, excess weight and excess salt/sugar within the diet and dehydration etc. High blood pressure can lead to life-threatening conditions like heart attacks, strokes, renal disorder and vascular dementia. Weekly sessions of yoga with each session lasting between 20 and 90 minutes over a period of around 2.5 months, on average may help ease depressive symptoms in people with other mental health issues, proves a systematic review and meta-analysis of existing research published online in the British Journal of Sports Medicine. Depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide, affecting more than 340 million people. And depressive symptoms often go hand in hand with other mental health issues, such as generalised anxiety and psychotic disorders, say the researchers. Yoga practice involved a mixture of movement, breathing exercises, and/or mindfulness, but with the movement component comprising more than half of each session. Regular yoga practice through asanas, pranayama and meditation can put you on the path to holistic well-being. Follow these asanas to alleviate the hypertension conditions and keep your mind and body calm. Tadasana or Mountain pose Stand tall with your feet together Keep your spine aligned and posture erect Relax your shoulders Interlock your fingers, inhale and come on your toes Exhale and bring your heels down Try to repeat 3 sets of every posture and hold each asana for up to 30 seconds. Vajrasana or Thunderbolt pose Drop your knees down on your mat Place your pelvis on your heels and point your toes outward Here, your thighs should press your calf muscles Keep your heels close to each other, and big toes together Place your palms on your knees facing upward Straighten your back and look forward Note:This is the only pose that can be done on a full stomach, for all others a gap of atleast 4 hours between meals must be maintained. Padamasana or Lotus Pose Sit in Ardha Padmasana with your right foot over your left thigh Lift your left foot and place it on your right thigh facing up Pull your feet closer to your hips Drop your knees to the floor Place your palms on your knees facing up Hold the asana for a while Repeat with the other leg Try to repeat 3 sets of every posture and hold each asana for up to 30 seconds. Steps to curtail obesity and related ailments during lockdown Proper nutrition and hydration are vital:Those who consume a well-balanced diet are healthier and are able to build stronger immune system. A healthy diet limits the risk of chronic illnesses and infectious diseases. It is recommended to eat a variety of fresh and unprocessed foods every day to accomplish the bodys requirement of necessary vitamins, minerals, dietary fiber, proteins and antioxidants. Consume whole grains and legumes:This also reduces the risk of Diabetes Drink plenty water:At least 5 liters per day Avoid sugar, fat and salt and do not consume sugar-sweetened beverages or oily food to significantly lower your risk of being overweight, and obese Avoid sitting or slouching all the time:Even though were confined to our homes, it is important for people of all ages and abilities to be as active as possible. Every 20 minutes, move around for 3-5 minutes; walk or stretch-this will help reduce the strain on a muscle, relieve any form of mental tension and will help circulate blood to the body In current times focusing on good health, food habits and maintaining some level of physical activity will go a long way in warding off obesity and related ailments. (Recommendations by Dr Sharad Sharma, Laparoscopic and Bariatric Surgeon, Hiranandani Hospital, Vashi, Mumbai) -- with IANS, ANIinputs Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-bseb-matric-result-to-be-declared-tomorrow-at-12-30pm/story-GSDINSz5I62mkUojAOehzO.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: BSEB matric result to be declared tomorrow at 12.30pm</title>
<body >Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB) will declare the BSEB matric result 2020 on Tuesday at  12:30 pm. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor announced that the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 will be declared tomorrow at onlinebseb.in. With this, the long wait of lakhs of students will end soon.Around 15 lakh candidates had appeared for the Bihar Board class 10th exam that was conducted from February 17 to 24. Earlier, BSEB had announced that the Bihar Board matric result 2020 will be declared by the end of March or in the beginning of April. But the evaluation of answersheet had to be stopped midway due to the lockdown. The evaluation resumed on May 6 and was wrapped up last week. Click here to get BSEBmatric result 2020 alert How to check BSEBBihar matric result 2020: Candidates who have appeared for the exam will be able to check their results online at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com. They will have to enter their registration number and roll number and roll code to check their results 2020. Last year, the BSEBhad declared the Bihar Board matric result 2019 in record 29 days after concluding the exam. The exam was conducted from February 21 to 28 and the result was declared on April 6. Click here for full coverage of Bihar Board matric result 2020 </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/when-your-parents-don-t-pay-your-mobile-phone-bill-yuvraj-singh-shares-throwback-picture/story-v4DNV2O3hey8zeaGQ4zi7O.html</url>
<title>When your parents dont pay your mobile phone bill, Yuvraj Singh shares throwback picture</title>
<body >Continuing with his habit of posting old pictures, former India allrounder Yuvraj Singh on Monday shared a throwback photo on Instagram, reminding fans of the time when cell phones werent that common. In the picture, Yuvraj is seen stationed at a public telephone booth with former colleagues VVS Laxman, Virender Sehwag and Ashish Nehra. Also Read | Hopefully, IPL will happen, Shikhar Dhawan explains why T20 tournament is essential When your parents dont pay your mobile phone bill after a bad performance! #throwback to days without, captained Yuvraj while tagging the three former India cricketers. Although its difficult to pick out the exact time when this picture was clicked, by the looks of it, the photo is from Indias 2001 tour of Sri Lanka. India started the tour with a tri-series involving New Zealand and later went on to play a two-Test series against the home team. Under Sanath Jayasuriya, the home team won both the series.         View this post on Instagram           When your parents dont pay your mobile phone bill after a bad performance ! #throwback to days without  @rd.nehra @virendersehwag @vvslaxman281 A post shared by  Yuvraj Singh (@yuvisofficial) on May 24, 2020 at 9:08am PDT When your parents dont pay your mobile phone bill after a bad performance ! #throwback to days without  @rd.nehra @virendersehwag @vvslaxman281 A post shared by  Yuvraj Singh (@yuvisofficial) on May 24, 2020 at 9:08am PDT Yuvrajs long-time buddy Harbhajan Singh, who was also part of the tour, was quick to comment, Free call?, to which Yuvraj replied: Calling card Sri Lanka to India ! Hanji mata Ive reached and Ashu (Nehra) probably saying Abey sun, ive reached ab main match ke baad phone karunga! Chal bye. Also Read | Selectors will not look at me as they feel Im too old: Harbhajan Singh The ODI series (The Coca Cola Cup) was Yuvrajs fifth for India after his stunning debut the year before  ICC Champions Trophy Knockouts 2000. The batsman scored 150 runs from five innings in the series, including a match-winning knock of 98 not out against Sri Lanka in the eighth match of the series, which led leading India to a 46-run win. Incidentally, in the next match, which took place just a day later, Sehwag scored his maiden ODI century as India chased down New Zealands 264 with more than four overs to spare. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/red-alert-issued-as-heatwave-intensifies-in-northern-india/story-mN7acE4BahtYIwnyzxSsLM.html</url>
<title>Red alert issued as heatwave intensifies in north India, likely to persist for 4-5 days</title>
<body >Delhis residents sweltered in a heatwave on Sunday, with the maximum temperature hitting five degrees above normal for the second consecutive day, and no respite forecast for the plains until at least May 28, prompting a red alert in the capital as well as Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan. The Safdarjung weather station recorded the maximum temperature at 44.4 degrees Celsius. The authorities sounded a red category alert for Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, west and east Rajasthan on May 25 and 26 for heatwave or severe heatwaves. A red category alert implies authorities should take action to avoid health emergencies. South Haryana, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh reported heatwaves and Churu in west Rajasthan reported a severe heatwave on Sunday, with a maximum temperature of 47.4 degrees Celsius. The heat was worse in several other places, where the maximum temperature rose above 46 degreesCelsius.Nagpur Sonegaon in the Vidarbha region recorded 46.2 degrees Celsius; Churu in Rajasthan 46.6 degrees Celsius, Akola in Maharashtra 46 degrees Celsius, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD). Heatwave conditions are very likely to persist for the next four to five days, with peak intensity on May 25 and 26, IMD said in its Sunday bulletin, citing dry northwesterly winds blowing over the plains of northwest India and central India and the north-south trough in lower tropospheric levels from east India to south-peninsular India. We dont see any signs of maximum temperatures falling till May 28. From May 28, we are expecting dust storms and thunderstorms due to a western disturbance. Wind speed will increase to 50 to 60 kmph and there will be clouding. Right now, very dry hot northwesterly winds are blowing over entire northwest India. Sunrays are also vertical, making its impact very intense, humidity has been only 30% to 40%, said Kuldeep Shrivastava, head of the regional weather forecasting centre. The maximum temperature in Delhis Aya Nagar was 45.6 degrees Celsius, 6 degrees above normal and 44.2 degrees Celsius at Lodhi Road. IMDs bulletin added that heatwave conditions were likely over Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha and Telangana  during the next 4-5 days. Similar conditions were predicted in some pockets over Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Marathawada, Coastal Andhra Pradesh, Yanam, Rayalseema and north-interior Karnataka during next 3-4 days. Because of strong southerly winds from Bay of Bengal to northeastern states at lower tropospheric levels, heavy to very heavy rainfall is likely at some places over Assam, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh from May 24 to 28, according to IMD. Heavy rainfall is also likely over parts of south-peninsular India on May 26 and 27. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 08:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/mercury-inches-towards-42-c-amid-heatwave-alert-in-chandigarh/story-it6wNHEsVHg0jy7N4t7ZBO.html</url>
<title>Mercury inches towards 42C amid heatwave alert in Chandigarh</title>
<body >Maximum temperature was recorded at 41.7C on Sunday, and is likely to cross 42C this week amid a red alert for heatwave in Chandigarh on Monday and Tuesday. India Meteorological Department (IMD) officials said, Till now maximum temperature hasnt risen 4 to 5 degrees above normal, a condition required to declare heatwave in the city. However, it is likely to rise on Monday and Tuesday and is expected to start coming down by Thursday as a western disturbance is approaching. Officials have advised residents to stay indoors this week, especially during afternoons. The maximum temperature of went up from 41.4C on Saturday to 41.7C on Sunday, while the minimum temperature went up from 25.6C to 25.7C. In the next three days, the maximum will remain between 43 and 44 degrees, while the minimum will be between 25 and 26 degrees. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 00:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/gauri-khan-s-dig-at-shah-rukh-khan-he-is-not-doing-a-film-will-ask-him-to-keep-designing-as-second-option/story-dw9CazJG9eELYnffEqM5BM.html</url>
<title>Gauri Khans dig at Shah Rukh Khan: He is not doing a film, will ask him to keep designing as second option</title>
<body >Not just Shah Rukh Khan, his wife Gauri seems to have a great sense of humour too and her latest dig was at her famous husbands expense. Shah Rukh -- who is taking a sabbatical from work at present after the weak reception his last, Zero, received from the audience  was recently seen at his wifes store in Mumbai. The actor not only visited the design store but also clicked photos with his wifes friends and colleagues. Later, as Gauri spoke to the media, she was asked about SRKs design sense. She said in a lighter vein, Shah Rukh has a great taste in designing. She went on to say that he has suggested a lot of changes in their home too, adding, As Shah Rukh is not doing any movie right now, I will tell him to keep his second option as a designer in future because he is a great designer. Gauri is not the only one to take a potshot at SRKs self-imposed break from acting. The actor himself came out with a zinger recently when he sat with Jeff Bezos and Zoya Akhtar for a fireside chat. I was talking to him (gestures towards SRK) backstage and he (Shah Rukh) is one of the most humble people I have ever met, Bezos said. As the audience applauded wildly, Shah Rukh was clearly in the mood for humorous repartee. True to his style, Shah Rukh was quick to respond with, Thats only because my last few films did not work well. The actor is yet to confirm a new project after the Aanand L Rais December 2018 release. While there is speculation that he may be seen in a project helmed by Rajkumar Hirani, the actor has refrained from confirming anything till now. </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 28, 2020 10:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-is-the-perfect-husband-as-he-visits-wife-gauri-s-store-gets-clicked-with-her-girl-gang-watch/story-lSC1UsG6PhGmhU1rV04pPL.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan is the perfect husband as he visits wife Gauris store, gets clicked with her girl gang. Watch</title>
<body >Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan once again proved that he is the perfect husband in a video that is doing the rounds on social media. The actor was visiting his wife Gauri Khans store when his love and respect for her was captured on camera. ALSOWATCH| Shah Rukh Khan attends wife Gauris home decor event in Mumbai In the video that is going viral online, Shah Rukh is seen standing at a door, listening to Gauri intently before following her. Next, we see Gauri graciously leading him away from the door. The video also shows SRK posing with Gauri and several other women for the shutterbugs. While Shah Rukh looks his coolest in a grey T-shirt, jeans and a brown half jacket, Gauri is wearing a gorgeous black dress with a slit. Also read: After breakup with Melvin Louis, Sana Khan breaks down at Special Ops trailer launch. Watch video         View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 27, 2020 at 10:59am PST A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 27, 2020 at 10:59am PST Shah Rukh and Gauri have been married for 28 years. They have three kids--sons Aryan and AbRam and daughter Suhana-- together.  Shah Rukh has never shied away from displaying his love and care for Gauri. Last year, he was seen holding the train of Gauris dress at a fashion event. "Being with you is like being on Stage. Theres so much light, I cant see anything else". Curiosity to know New, Humility to accept u will never know if fully...makes u an actor. #WorldTheaterDay pic.twitter.com/7mWCCuHmBz Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) March 27, 2019 "Being with you is like being on Stage. Theres so much light, I cant see anything else". Curiosity to know New, Humility to accept u will never know if fully...makes u an actor. #WorldTheaterDay pic.twitter.com/7mWCCuHmBz Last year, SRK had shared a picture with wife Gauri Khan on the occasion of World Theatre Day and wrote, Being with you is like being on Stage. Theres so much light, I cant see anything else. Curiosity to know New, Humility to accept u will never know if fully...makes u an actor. #WorldTheaterDay. "Being with you is like being on Stage. Theres so much light, I cant see anything else". Curiosity to know New, Humility to accept u will never know if fully...makes u an actor. #WorldTheaterDay pic.twitter.com/7mWCCuHmBz Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) March 27, 2019 "Being with you is like being on Stage. Theres so much light, I cant see anything else". Curiosity to know New, Humility to accept u will never know if fully...makes u an actor. #WorldTheaterDay pic.twitter.com/7mWCCuHmBz Recently, SRK made an appearance at the La Trobe University to felicitate a PhD student. He presented the Shah Rukh Khan La Trobe University PhD Scholarship to Gopika Kottantharayil Bhasi, a female researcher from Thrissur, Kerala. I am a big believer in education. I truly believe that the way forward for any country, any family, city, state is by educating itself more and more. There is never an end to education. Ive come to realise the more I know, I figure out, the less I understand. Its very important to keep educating ourselves for the rest of our lives, SRK had said at the event. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 28, 2020 12:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ahead-of-iforindia-charity-concert-kareena-kapoor-and-saif-ali-khan-share-a-special-message/story-GyCNjaIvW02wvIiXdoUgwN.html</url>
<title>Ahead of IForIndia charity concert, Kareena Kapoor-Saif Ali Khan, Alia-Shaheen share sneak peeks</title>
<body >Actors Kareena Kapoor Khan and Saif Ali Khan will be join many from Bollywood and take part in the IForIndia charity concert for Covid-19 pandemic. Kareena shared a new picture with a message. She wrote: Indias biggest fundraising concert - #IForIndia, a concert for our times. Sunday, 3rd May, 7:30pm IST. Watch it LIVE worldwide on Facebook. Tune in. Donate now. Do your bit. Link in bio. #SocialForGood 100% of proceeds go to the India COVID Response Fund set up by @give_india  - @kareenakapoorkhan View this post on Instagram           " Indias biggest fundraising concert - #IForIndia, a concert for our times. Sunday, 3rd May, 7:30pm IST. Watch it LIVE worldwide on Facebook. Tune in. Donate now. Do your bit. Link in bio. #SocialForGood 100% of proceeds go to the India COVID Response Fund set up by @give_india " - @kareenakapoorkhan A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on May 2, 2020 at 11:27pm PDT " Indias biggest fundraising concert - #IForIndia, a concert for our times. Sunday, 3rd May, 7:30pm IST. Watch it LIVE worldwide on Facebook. Tune in. Donate now. Do your bit. Link in bio. #SocialForGood 100% of proceeds go to the India COVID Response Fund set up by @give_india " - @kareenakapoorkhan A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on May 2, 2020 at 11:27pm PDT Also read: Anushka Sharma birthday: Did you know Aditya Chopra told her she was not the most good-looking before signing her? Actor Soni Razdan also shared photo of her daughter Alia Bhatt and Shaheen Bhatt, supporting the cause from their home. From their home to yours.Watch Indias biggest fundraising concert- #IForIndia, a concert for our times, she wrote. Organised by Karan Johar and Zoya Akhtar, the concert aims to raise funds for Covid-19 relief. It will see the participation of a host of celebrities including Nick, Joe and Kevin of The Jonas Brothers, actor Priyanka Chopra and actor Sophie Turner. Aamir Khan,Shah Rukh Khan, Akshay Kumar, Ranveer Singh, Hrithik Roshan, Tiger Shroff, Vicky Kaushal. Anushka Sharma-Virat Kohli, Kareena Kapoor-Saif Ali Khan will represent Bollywood while Hollywood stars Will Smith and Kate Bosworth will also join the concert with Bryan Adams. From their home to yours.Watch Indias biggest fundraising concert- #IForIndia, a concert for our times.Sunday, 3rd May, 7:30pm IST.Watch it LIVE - https://t.co/8QlxvsrYnuDonate now - https://t.co/wHmDKxwoHv100% of proceeds go to the India COVID Response Fund by @GiveIndia pic.twitter.com/ycphfchoFI Soni Razdan (@Soni_Razdan) May 3, 2020 From their home to yours.Watch Indias biggest fundraising concert- #IForIndia, a concert for our times.Sunday, 3rd May, 7:30pm IST.Watch it LIVE - https://t.co/8QlxvsrYnuDonate now - https://t.co/wHmDKxwoHv100% of proceeds go to the India COVID Response Fund by @GiveIndia pic.twitter.com/ycphfchoFI Karan had tweeted and said, #IFORINDIA, the concert for our times. 3rd May, 7:30pm IST. Watch it LIVE worldwide on Facebook. 100% of proceeds go to the India COVID Response Fund set up by @GiveIndiaTune in - http://Facebook.com/facebookappindia Donate now - https://fb.me/IforIndiaFundraiser Do your bit. #SocialForGood. There was a message along with the tweet which read: Two weeks ago, we started work on Indias biggest concert. To entertain people who are locked-down at home. To pay tribute to those who work on the frontlines while we work from home. And to raise funds for those who have no work and no home. And when we were just days away from the concert, we lost two of our leading lights Irrfan Khan and Rishi Kapoor. A stark reminder that life is fleeting. We must play our part. And keep the show going. So with a prayer in our hearts and a song on our lips, we bring you #IFORINDIA the concert for our times. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 03, 2020 14:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/100-hours-100-stars-asha-bhosle-says-she-has-seen-world-war-ii-cholera-but-never-a-time-when-the-entire-world-was-shut/story-IVZYN3WKKUtFYGdKUkaMfJ.html</url>
<title>100 Hours 100 Stars: Asha Bhosle says she has seen World War II, cholera but never a time when the entire world was shut</title>
<body >Veteran Bollywood singer Asha Bhosle, in a recent interview, as part of an initiative by Fever Network in collaboration with Hindustan Times, spoke of her illustrious life and the challenges she has faced. To the question as to where she is now during the lockdown period, she said, My grandchildren returned to India on March 4 (from abroad) and so did my son. For a short outing as a family, we came to my bungalow, some distance away from Mumbai and thats when the lockdown was announced. We just cant step out of the house now. It is a problem as one has to stay indoors always, one doesnt even have as much of stuff at home - clothes for instance. One had come with preparations for about 8 days. So thats how we have been staying. In many ways, this is quite a nice thing - my son is often in Dubai on work, while my grandchildren are in school - but this time around, we have been together for a good one month. This is such a beautiful feeling, my granddaughter is full of life. She was also joined by granddaughter Zaini Asha Bhosle  during the interview.  When asked about how is she spending time during this lockdown, she said, I get up at 7 am, I dont wake up anybody. I make my tea and then after that I sit for my practice (riyaaz). I practice till I such time as I get tired, then I step into the kitchen to see what is being prepared. I am used to doing work at home. Talking about how they are passing time, she said, We play carrom, cards even snakes and ladder and of course we watch a lot  of TV. We see world news. At 87, she has had a long life. Has she ever seen a time like this? I havent seen a world like this before - I was a young, I was born in 1933, when diseases like plague, cholera, influenza, typhoid etc. were around but we as a family managed to get past them. But I witnessed second World War; I have seen run-gaadi on Punes streets; in Kolhapure, there was a camp where ladies from Poland were seen. I have seen Indias independence and wars with Pakistan. I also saw what happened, the destruction when the Koyna dam brought and how Pune and Mumbai bore the brunt of the damage it caused. For fifteen days, there was no electricity or water in Mumbai. we had to really struggle for it. Also read: Rishi Kapoors daughter Riddhima Kapoor Sahni reaches Mumbai to be with mom Neetu Kapoor, brother Ranbir Kapoor During the war with Pakistan (perhaps 71), on windows we had to put black paper, but I have never witnessed a time where the entire world is shut. Such a thing would happen in India or at best, between two countries but never the entire world. It seems God is testing us but we will sail through this too. What kind of music does Asha Bhosle listen to? I listen to ghazal, light classical. I dont listen to film music - we have sung them. Recalling her childhood, Asha mentioned how among the five siblings, she was called buddhu (foolish). I was named pathan and pehelwan - I was fat and strong from y childhood. I used to do all the household work - beating and grinding - it was my childhood that I had a thing for working and cooking, both to make and to feed. 100 Stars 100 Hours is an initiative to thank the frontline workers in fight against Covid-19. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 03, 2020 12:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/irrfan-khan-s-son-babil-pays-tribute-to-actor-with-rare-photos-from-his-national-school-of-drama-days-see-them-here/story-SRLadSzx7LvIxysfKk2wKO.html</url>
<title>Irrfan Khans son Babil pays tribute to actor with rare photos from his National School of Drama days. See them here</title>
<body >Irrfan Khans son Babil fondly remembered him with rare black-and-white photographs from his National School of Drama (NSD) days in the late 1980s. In the first picture, the actor is seen wearing large round-rimmed glasses as he lights up a cigarette. The second and third snapshots are of him on the stage, mid-performance. NSD, Babil wrote in his caption. The post has garnered thousands of likes on Instagram, with fans paying their tributes in the comments section. Legend forever and ever, one user wrote. Lost the jewel of cinema, another wrote. Several also dropped heart emojis on the post. View this post on Instagram           NSD. A post shared by  Babil Khan (@babil.i.k) on May 2, 2020 at 8:01am PDT NSD. A post shared by  Babil Khan (@babil.i.k) on May 2, 2020 at 8:01am PDT Irrfan died on Wednesday (April 29) at Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital after a two-year battle with neuroendocrine tumour. He was buried at the Versova kabrastaan in the presence of close friends and family members. The NSD condoled Irrfans demise and said in a statement, Not only the National School of Drama has lost one of its meritorious members, Irrfans demise is a big loss to the Indian art and cinema fraternity. Also see |Meenakshi Seshadris final goodbye to Damini co-star Rishi Kapoor: I will remember you Rishi ji always On Saturday (May 2), Irrfans wife Sutapa Sikdar released a statement on behalf of their two sons Babil and Ayaan, and herself, sharing details of his battle with cancer. How can I write this as a family statement when the whole world is taking it as a personal loss? How can I begin to feel alone when millions are grieving with us at the moment? I want to assure everyone that this is not a loss, it is a gain. Its a gain of the things he taught us, and now we shall finally begin to truly implement it and evolve, the statement said. Funnily, our life was a masterclass in acting, so when the dramatic entry of the uninvited guests happened, I had by then learnt, to see a harmony in the cacophony. The doctors reports were like scripts which I wanted to perfect, so I never miss any detail that he sought for in his performance, it added. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 03, 2020 11:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aishwarya-rai-bachchan-honours-dearest-rishi-kapoor-shares-pics-with-aaradhya-abhishek-see-here/story-oSstpWd9m3H811WDyhq5rK.html</url>
<title>Aishwarya Rai Bachchan honours dearest Rishi Kapoor, shares pics with Aaradhya, Abhishek. See here</title>
<body >Actor Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has shared an emotional message to mark the death of Rishi Kapoor. The veteran actor died on Thursday, after a two-year-long battle with cancer. Aishwarya took to Instagram and wrote, So much love for you...and from you my dearest Chintu uncle...ALWAYS... so heartbroken...May your Soul Rest in Peace God Bless. There will never be another... just TOO SPECIAL.. and the memories... Precious... Miss you and Love you Forever.. Aishwarya attached pictures of Rishi and his wife, Neetu, with herself and husband Abhishek Bachchan. In one picture, Rishis granddaughter and Aishwaryas daughter, Aaradhya, are also present. View this post on Instagram           So much love for you...and from you my dearest Chintu uncle...ALWAYS... so heartbroken...May your Soul Rest in Peace God Bless There will never be another... just TOO SPECIAL.. and the memories... Precious... Miss you and Love you Forever...  A post shared by  AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on Apr 30, 2020 at 10:54am PDT So much love for you...and from you my dearest Chintu uncle...ALWAYS... so heartbroken...May your Soul Rest in Peace God Bless There will never be another... just TOO SPECIAL.. and the memories... Precious... Miss you and Love you Forever...  A post shared by  AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on Apr 30, 2020 at 10:54am PDT Aishwaryas post has been liked over 500000 times. Sad to hear that #RishiKapoor is no more. We lost another legend today. An actor who was full of talent and versatility. 2020 is turning out to be a very sad year. My condolences to his family, friends and fans. Rest in peace Chintu ji. You will be greatly missed, one person wrote in the comments section. Also Watch | RIP Rishi Kapoor: Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, family attend funeral in Mumbai Abhishek represented his family at Rishis funeral, because the coronavirus lockdown didnt make it possible to have a large gathering. He was joined by Rishis son, Ranbir, his girlfriend Alia Bhatt, mom Neetu, and other members of the family such as Kareena Kapoor Khan and her husband, Saif Ali Khan. Also read: Alia Bhatt mourns Rishi Kapoors death in emotional note, says he is like family.See pics Alia had written in an Instagram post, What can I say. About this beautiful man... who brought soo much love and goodness into my life. Today, everyone speaks of the legend that is Rishi Kapoor... and though Ive known him like that all my life... for the past two years Ive known him as a friend, a fellow Chinese food lover, a total cinema lover, a fighter, a leader, a beautiful storyteller, an extremely passionate tweeter and a father! In these past two years the love I have received from him is like a warm hug that I will always cherish! Rishi was diagnosed in 2018 and spent a year undergoing treatment in New York City. His death came a day after that of Irrfan Khan, who had been diagnosed with a neuroendocrine tumour. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 01, 2020 13:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-on-working-with-aishwarya-rai-it-s-a-shame-the-most-beautiful-woman-in-the-world-was-my-sister/story-KenngRYFiyy62mPefLCNIJ.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan on working with Aishwarya Rai: Its a shame the most beautiful woman in the world was my sister</title>
<body >Aishwarya Rai and Shah Rukh Khan, two of the biggest A-listers in Bollywood, have featured in quite a few films together but never had a love story with a happy ending. The fact that Shah Rukh regrets the most is that he got to play her brother in their first film together, Josh, 20 years ago. Shah Rukh had once expressed his disappointment over such failed opportunities when he got to share the screen space with her but the two never played the lead couple. He had said in jest at an award ceremony while presenting the trophy to Aishwarya, I have been very unlucky with Aishwarya. Its a shame that in our first film (Josh), Aishwarya, the most beautiful woman in the world, in the universe and even beyond on all the planets, was my sister. She played my twin sister and people even told me that we look alike. I am still living in this misunderstanding that though I played her brother, I at least look like her. Aishwarya's speech after receiving the award from SRK. (Part 1)Mentions Hema Malini, Zeenat Aman, Rekha, Madhuri Dixit, Kajol."We love you and miss you Sri ji" #LuxGoldenRoseAwards pic.twitter.com/adB9IBGepI Stevie Budd (@Oxynom) November 18, 2018 Aishwarya's speech after receiving the award from SRK. (Part 1)Mentions Hema Malini, Zeenat Aman, Rekha, Madhuri Dixit, Kajol."We love you and miss you Sri ji" #LuxGoldenRoseAwards pic.twitter.com/adB9IBGepI Talking about their second film, Sanjay Leela Bhansalis Devdas, Shah Rukh Khan said, Everything was in place but I left her and when I returned, she had left me. I have been very lucky that I never got the opportunity where she could love me, I could love her (on screen). Aishwarya's speech after receiving the award from SRK. (Part 1)Mentions Hema Malini, Zeenat Aman, Rekha, Madhuri Dixit, Kajol."We love you and miss you Sri ji" #LuxGoldenRoseAwards pic.twitter.com/adB9IBGepI Stevie Budd (@Oxynom) November 18, 2018 Aishwarya's speech after receiving the award from SRK. (Part 1)Mentions Hema Malini, Zeenat Aman, Rekha, Madhuri Dixit, Kajol."We love you and miss you Sri ji" #LuxGoldenRoseAwards pic.twitter.com/adB9IBGepI Recalling his love story with Aishwarya in their third film, he said, Mohabbatein me ye bhootni thi (She was a ghost in Mohabbatein). Aishwarya had a short role in the film which had Shah Rukh and Amitabh Bachchan in lead roles and served as a launch pad for six youngsters - Uday Chopra, Shamita Shetty, Preeti Jhangiani, Jimmy Sheirgill, Jugal Hansraj and Kim Sharma. Also read: Sonam Kapoor reveals how she fell in love with Anand Ahuja post Neerja release, he teases her for getting emotional. See pic Also read: Aishwarya Rai felt bizarre post engagement with Abhishek Bachchan, he calls her a football hooligan He went on to say, I was trying a lot to do a normal film with her where we could get out of these brother-sister things. He even said, We have now become parents and meet outside our childrens school when we pick up our kids. He apologised her for not attending her daughter Aaradhyas birthday party but mentioned that his younger son AbRam had attended the bash and thought Amitabh Bachchan was his grandfather too. I am sorry my son made your father-in-law my papa, I have a working problem with her (Aishwarya). Aishwarya and Shah Rukh were last seen together in 2016 film Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. While Aishwarya had a pivotal role in the film, Shah Rukh had a guest appearance in the role of her ex-husband. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 23, 2020 15:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/gauri-khan-on-shah-rukh-khan-s-long-break-from-movies-it-was-required-i-m-happy-i-can-travel-while-he-is-at-home/story-X7HrAh2vRm7x28UpKmptwI.html</url>
<title>Gauri Khan on Shah Rukh Khans long break from movies: It was required. Im happy I can travel while he is at home</title>
<body >Actor Shah Rukh Khan has not announced a new project after the commercial and critical flop of his last film, Zero. Fans are growing increasingly impatient to know more about their favourite stars next project and his wife Gauri Khan has good news for them. Gauri, who is also a successful film producer and interior designer, talked about Shah Rukhs break from the movies and how it has proven beneficial for her in an interview with Zoom. She said she can now depend on Shah Rukh to take care of their younger son AbRam. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Mar 10, 2019 at 12:04am PST A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Mar 10, 2019 at 12:04am PST I think it was required. I think more than anything else its high time he took this break and Im happy I can travel while he is at home. And he takes good care of AbRam. So I am super excited. So if Im not there for the little one, hes there. It suits me. I think its a great, great idea, she said in the interview.  I think hell be up and about very, very shortly, she added. Gauri also talked about media attention that their kids have to deal with. She said that because her children -- son Aryan and daughter Suhana -- study overseas, they arent under constant media glare. She said they arent too bothered about it. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jul 21, 2019 at 8:44am PDT A post shared by Gauri Khan (@gaurikhan) on Jul 21, 2019 at 8:44am PDT Earlier this month, Shah Rukh denied reports of having signed his next film. He asked his fans to not believe rumours and wait for him to announce his next film.Its always nice to know that in my absence and behind my back, I have surreptitiously signed so many films that even I am not aware of! Boys and girls do a film when I say I am doing it.... Otherwise its just post truth, Shah Rukh wrote on Twitter. Also read: Bard of Blood review: Emraan Hashmis new Netflix India spy series is a massive failure of intelligence While few media outlets suggested that he has signed on to star in an Ali Abbas Zafar film, others reported that he may feature in Sanjay Leela Bhansalis Sahir Ludhianvi biopic. There were also rumours of him doing Rakesh Sharma biopic and Farhan Akhtars Don 3. Shah Rukh is busy producing content for streaming service Netflix. His first production Bard of Blood, featuring Emraan Hashmi, premiered on the platform on September 27.Through his banner, Red Chillies Entertainment, the 53-year-old star is also producing a horror series, Betaal, for Netflix. Apart from this, he has also shot for a Netflix stand-alone special with veteran talk show host David Letterman. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 27, 2019 15:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-asks-kapil-sharma-to-choose-between-rs-2-crore-and-6-hot-girls-his-answer-is-pure-gold/story-vYEkWvhGKEDrd2K58q5dCI.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra asks Kapil Sharma to choose between Rs 2 crore and 6 hot girls; his answer is pure gold</title>
<body >Actor Priyanka Chopra paid a visit to The Kapil Sharma Show to promote her upcoming film, The Sky is Pink, and put the host on the spot. Priyanka in a video shared by Kapil on Instagram, asked Kapil to pick between a Rs 2 crore cheque and six hot girls in the Maldives. Kapil replied that he would pick the Rs 2 crore paycheque, and when Priyanka expressed her disbelief at Kapils choice, the comedian provided his logic behind the decision. He said that he could probably arrange the same holiday package in Rs 60000 instead. The audience burst out in laughter. View this post on Instagram           #exclusive conversation  with the #beautiful #smart #selfmade #witty n the #pride of #india @priyankachopra #thekapilsharmashow #tkss #comedy #fun #laughter Stay tuned  A post shared by  Kapil Sharma (@kapilsharma) on Sep 29, 2019 at 12:33am PDT #exclusive conversation  with the #beautiful #smart #selfmade #witty n the #pride of #india @priyankachopra #thekapilsharmashow #tkss #comedy #fun #laughter Stay tuned  A post shared by  Kapil Sharma (@kapilsharma) on Sep 29, 2019 at 12:33am PDT Several of them left laughing emojis in the comments section of Kapils post. Love u so much bhai, one person wrote. Sahi baat hai, wrote another. The video has been viewed over 1.2 million times already. The episode will be aired next week, ahead of the October 11 release of The Sky is Pink, which also stars Farhan Akhtar, Zaira Wasim and Rohit Saraf. The film premiered to positive response at the recent Toronto International Film Festival. Kapil recently announced that his wife, Ginni Chatrath, is expecting their first child. I just want to take care of my wife and be by her side for now. We are obviously very excited as its our first kid but my mother is the most excited. She has been waiting for this moment for years now. We are just praying for Ginni and the babys health, he told Mumbai Mirror in an interview. Priyanka, meanwhile, continues to make headlines for her globetrotting lifestyle with singer husband Nick Jonas. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 29, 2019 19:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/veteran-actor-viju-khote-dies-best-known-for-kalia-from-sholay/story-2bJHFbtZZ87iJHRv5Lj8kI.html</url>
<title>Veteran actor Viju Khote dies, best known as Kalia from Sholay</title>
<body >Veteran Bollywood actor Viju Khote has died. The actor best is remembered for his role as Kalia in the cult classic Sholay. The actor died in his sleep at his residence due to multiple organ failure. He passed away today at 6.55 am peacefully in his sleep at the residence. He has been unwell for quite some time. He had multiple organ failure, actor Bhavana Balsavar, his niece, told PTI. The actor, who worked in a number of Hindi and Marathi films, has been working in film since 1964. Apart from Sholay, he is remembered for his roles in films like Andaz Apna Apna, in which he starred as Robert. The actor is related to veteran actors Shubha Khote and Durga Khote.Sad News: Mr Viju Khote passed away today. He had been working in movies since 1964 and is most famous for playing Kalia in #Sholay. Faridoon Shahryar (@iFaridoon) September 30, 2019 Sad News: Mr Viju Khote passed away today. He had been working in movies since 1964 and is most famous for playing Kalia in #Sholay. Even as Viju immortalised Kalia as one on the most memorable characters of Indian cinema, he actually had just two scenes in Ramesh Sippys film. Talking about the popularity of his character, Viju told The Times of India in 2015 that he enjoys the love he has got. It signifies the tremendous popularity of the movie. And that people liked Kaalia as a character, he said. Viju and actor Amjad Khan--who played Gabbar Singh in the film-- worked multiple times together. Actually I had done a play with him before the movie. The play, To This Night A Dawn, was directed by his brother Imtiaz. After Sholay, I did four-five more films with him. But I dont remember their names, he said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 30, 2019 12:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-lights-up-twitter-with-hilarious-memes-on-salman-khan-contestants-roz-jhagda-dekhne-milega/story-xYp5BiUUzOXBFR6b57ILHL.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13 lights up Twitter with hilarious memes on Salman Khan, contestants: Roz jhagda dekhne milega</title>
<body >Bigg Boss 13 kicked off on Sunday night with fanfare. Host Salman Khan introduced all the new contestants on the show and unveiled new rules. The night was full of stunning performances by the actor and other guests on the show but what we are more excited about are the memes that hit the internet soon afterwards. Fans and haters of the show have shared hilarious memes targeting Salman, the loud, over-the-top antics of the contestants and even poked fun at some of the new participants. Some empathised with Salmans situation while others called out the makers for always bringing in contestants from other reality shows. Check out the best tweets: #BiggBoss13 #bb13@BeingSalmanKhan asks ladies to choose Partner.#SidharthShukla be like  pic.twitter.com/3BcKxcpE1u  BLACKLISTED  (@blacklisted_17) September 29, 2019 #BiggBoss13 #bb13@BeingSalmanKhan asks ladies to choose Partner.#SidharthShukla be like  pic.twitter.com/3BcKxcpE1u Bigboss makers be like:#BiggBoss13 pic.twitter.com/hEpeVnsQ0b Pewdendra Pie (Blue Tick) (@halfpsychh) September 29, 2019 Bigboss makers be like:#BiggBoss13 pic.twitter.com/hEpeVnsQ0b Quite relevant... isnt ?? #BiggBoss13 #BB13 pic.twitter.com/mXQuEnihc8  koel 2.0 (@AWakeelbabu) September 29, 2019 Quite relevant... isnt ?? #BiggBoss13 #BB13 pic.twitter.com/mXQuEnihc8 when someone says i am going to watch #BiggBoss13 !!Me:-#Housefull4Trailer pic.twitter.com/90ySrVrfg7 Ed (@Memerhoonyaar) September 27, 2019 when someone says i am going to watch #BiggBoss13 !!Me:-#Housefull4Trailer pic.twitter.com/90ySrVrfg7 #AnveshiJain today #BiggBoss13#BB13 pic.twitter.com/Q0Vaz4HMMb Troll Bigg Boss (@HumBBTrollerHai) September 23, 2019 #AnveshiJain today #BiggBoss13#BB13 pic.twitter.com/Q0Vaz4HMMb Bigg Boss is about to startFans be like : #biggboss13 #bb13 #BiggBoss pic.twitter.com/tiB5TwTlct GOT (@CooolBandaa) September 29, 2019 Bigg Boss is about to startFans be like : #biggboss13 #bb13 #BiggBoss pic.twitter.com/tiB5TwTlct Expectation  Reality for Girls this #BiggBoss13 season! pic.twitter.com/foydy5DsYt  (@I_m_Ria) September 28, 2019 Expectation  Reality for Girls this #BiggBoss13 season! pic.twitter.com/foydy5DsYt This years participants include Rashami Desai, Devoleena Bhatacharjee, Siddharth Dey, Shehnaaz Gill, Koena Mitra and others. Balika Vadhu actor Sidharth Shukla is also one of the contestants. Talking about the show, Shukla said he is looking forward to taking part in a lot of tasks, and hopes to win because he usually plays to be victorious. I think I would take part in a lot of tasks, in fact in every task and would want to win because I usually play to win and I really wish it gets the best out of me rather than the other way around, Sidharth told IANS. Its a challenge, one I had never thought I would take. I have been a pampered boy, the youngest in the family with two elder sisters. I have always had someone around me, usually my mom, to take care of everything for me. This is going to be quite a challenge for me, to do everything on my own, he said. The housemates have to compete in challenges and survive till the end to be the winner of the show -- all this while being monitored by TV cameras. Survival isnt easy as celebrities have to give up all the luxuries, including their phones, and live in a house especially built for the show. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 30, 2019 08:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/varun-dhawan-on-kalank-s-failure-it-was-my-first-failure-as-an-actor/story-PsGmgp7YvgyCKhXsf0RonJ.html</url>
<title>Varun Dhawan on Kalanks failure: It was my first failure as an actor</title>
<body >Actor Varun Dhawan cant stop gushing about his Coolie No. 1 co-star Sara Ali Khan. Although only 24, Varun says she is a thorough professional. He adds that they get mad when they are together. Sara is a wonderful co-star. She is a thorough professional and she works really hard. I love people who work hard and she is one of the hardest-working people I have met. We get mad when we are together! said Varun, while interacting with the media at Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards 2019. He added: Only today, Sara and I woke up at 6 in the morning because we had to shoot for Coolie No. 1 in Karjat. So, we have reached here after three hours of drive. And after finishing this commitment, tomorrow we will head to the studios for a 7am-shift. Coolie No. 1 is directed by Varuns dad David Dhawan. The film is a remake of the 1995 hit film of the same name, which starred Govinda and Karisma Kapoor. The film is set to be theatrically released in India on 1 May 2020, the occasion of International Workers Day. Also read: Sara Ali Khan performs to Ek Do Teen, Kartik Aaryan makes Ayushmann, Taapsee groove to Dheeme Dheeme at Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards. Watch Varun also opened up on the failure of Kalank earlier this year. I think ups and downs are a part of life and we learn from it. It was my first failure as an actor. Now, I have put all my positive energies into Street Dancer 3D. Its my second film with Remo (DSouza) sir and Shraddha Kapoor after ABCD 2, he said. Street Dancer 3D also features Prabhudeva and Nora Fatehi, and has dancers from Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra among other places. The film highlights India-Pakistan issues through the scope of dance and music, and is slated to release on January 24. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 21, 2019 20:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ajay-devgn-on-nysa-getting-trolled-for-going-to-salon-after-grandfather-s-death-she-was-crying-i-sent-her-so-she-ll-feel-better/story-lViWHvQNNYjyKCkivXnCvI.html</url>
<title>Ajay Devgn on Nysa getting trolled for going to salon after grandfathers death: She was crying; I sent her so shell feel better</title>
<body >Actor Ajay Devgn has addressed for the first time how his daughter Nysa (14) was trolled after his fathers death earlier this year. Talking to Zoom in a joint interview with his Tanhaji co-star Saif Ali Khan, Ajay said that it was he who sent Nysa to the salon to take her mind off things. After his father, action director Veeru Devgn died in May, several Bollywood celebrities flocked to Ajays home to pay their final respects. A day later, Nysa was spotted stepping out of a local salon by the paparazzi. View this post on Instagram           Smiling again looking at this... A post shared by  Ajay Devgn (@ajaydevgn) on Jan 9, 2019 at 11:09pm PST Smiling again looking at this... A post shared by  Ajay Devgn (@ajaydevgn) on Jan 9, 2019 at 11:09pm PST Watch |Ajay Devgns father dies, Bollywood pays last respects  Her pictures went viral and she was mercilessly trolled. Addressing the bullying, Ajay said Nysa didnt want to leave the house in the first place. They (trolls) really dont know whats going on. Ill give you an example, I never spoke about this. When I lost my father, second day, the kids were very upset. Nysa was crying all day and people were home, there were a lot of people. You know how the atmosphere is. I called her, I said stop being upset. Because you have to, they are kids. Why dont you go out, have something and come, eat something and come or things like this. She said I dont want to go. I told her you please go, there will be a change of mood. They are here, we are handling people, we are doing it. You just go out. She didnt know where to go, she left and she went to a parlour. I said go get a hair wash or something. They have clicked pictures of her entering a parlour and they have trolled her. Grandfather just died and shes in the parlour. What right do they have? I am sending her so that she feels better, shes going through a trauma. What right do they have to say that? Its ridiculous. And then shes come back howling. By the time she got back home, the pictures were out already. People are clicked everywhere, there are some rubbish comments that come. It harms children. What have they done wrong? 9, 10, 15 year old kids and youve started judging them, he added. Saif, who is no stranger to his children getting hounded by the paparazzi, added that his son Taimur also doesnt like being photographed. He said that thankfully, the photographers have stopped flocking to their home for pictures of Taimur. It was becoming a bit of a nuisance to the people that we live with, other neighbours, this and that. They very kindly agreed that they wont be outside the house, he said. Also read: Bigg Boss 13: Rashami Desai reveals her problem with Sidharth Shukla, Twitter is split in the middle Ajay and Saifs Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior releases  on January 10. Ajay Devgn is seen as the brave warrior Tanhaji Malasure in the film while Saif plays the antagonist, Uday Bhan, a Rajput official who works for Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. The movie also features Kajol, Neha Sharma, Jagapathi Babu and Pankaj Tripathi in the pivotal roles. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 25, 2019 13:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/saif-ali-khan-says-he-needs-to-think-more-about-caa-sacred-games-co-star-aamir-bashir-mocks-him-even-gaitonde-knew-his-sh-t/story-ayuR04Ff0PLmEkihhGDWDK.html</url>
<title>Saif Ali Khan says he needs to think more about CAA, Sacred Games co-star Aamir Bashir mocks him: Even Gaitonde knew his sh*t</title>
<body >Saif Ali Khans comments that he needs to think more about the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) havent got down well with his Sacred Games co-star Aamir Bashir. While Saif played Inspector Sartaj Singh in the hit Netflix series, Aamir was his colleague and friend, Inspector Majid Ali Khan. Reacting to Saifs reaction on CAA, Aamir wrote on Twitter, FFS!!! Talk to Majid, Sartaj! Even #Gaitonde knew his sh*t. #NotSacredGames #AntiCAAProtests #NRC_CAA_Protests. Nawazuddin Siddiqui played the lead role of Gaitonde on the show and has also not spoken up on the issue. FFS!!! Talk to Majid, Sartaj! Even #Gaitonde knew his shit. #NotSacredGames #AntiCAAProtests #NRC_CAA_Protests https://t.co/rdrdHR2plY Aamir Bashir (@AamirBashir) December 25, 2019 FFS!!! Talk to Majid, Sartaj! Even #Gaitonde knew his shit. #NotSacredGames #AntiCAAProtests #NRC_CAA_Protests https://t.co/rdrdHR2plY Saif said he trying to understand the situation better and will make up his mind after he is well-informed. I would like the protest to be associated with exactly what I am protesting against. There might be a possibility that I will end up representing a different kind of protest. So I am not sure yet. Until I am sure what I am protesting against and whether it is going to be taken that way, I need to think more. Also Watch l Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor leave for London with son Taimur There is so much being written in the press, there are so many things that give us concern about what we are reading. Stating that India has to define herself, the actor said. She will be defined by either the judiciary or the government or ultimately the people and we will know in what kind of environment we are living in. But it is still a little... That is dwelling on what I am reading and what I am told. Also read: Kangana Ranaut lashes out at Bollywood actors silence over CAA protests, calls them sissies, cowards, spineless Showing his concern about the situation, he said, There are many things that give us a cause for concern, watching and wondering how where it will all end up. Also reacting to many Bollywood celebrities maintaining their silence on the issue, he added, It is everybodys right to protest peacefully and everybodys right not to. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 27, 2019 08:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-s-dabangg-3-becomes-his-15th-consecutive-film-to-cross-rs-100-crore-mark-earns-rs-103-85-cr/story-JRLSk9roAdIotaNk82u8II.html</url>
<title>Salman Khans Dabangg 3 becomes his 15th consecutive film to cross Rs 100 crore mark, earns Rs 103.85 cr</title>
<body >Actor Salman Khans new release Dabangg 3 has crossed the Rs 100 crore mark in only five days. This is big news given that the film released during the controversial Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) protests across the country and was severely hit by the unrest. The official handle of Salman Khan Films tweeted to say: #Dabangg3 becomes Salman Khans 15th consecutive film to cross 100 crores! 5th Day Collection: 12 Cr* Total Collection: 103.85 Cr* #Dabangg3 becomes Salman Khans 15th consecutive film to cross 100 crores!5th Day Collection: 12 Cr*Total Collection: 103.85 Cr*Book Tickets Now On:BMS - https://t.co/y2vijQWyYoPaytm - https://t.co/egzcqKlFno@BeingSalmanKhan @KicchaSudeep @arbaazSkhan @sonakshisinha pic.twitter.com/sAAbmRCVhU Salman Khan Films (@SKFilmsOfficial) December 25, 2019 #Dabangg3 becomes Salman Khans 15th consecutive film to cross 100 crores!5th Day Collection: 12 Cr*Total Collection: 103.85 Cr*Book Tickets Now On:BMS - https://t.co/y2vijQWyYoPaytm - https://t.co/egzcqKlFno@BeingSalmanKhan @KicchaSudeep @arbaazSkhan @sonakshisinha pic.twitter.com/sAAbmRCVhU This is particularly noteworthy as Delhi NCR and Uttar Pradesh are the main markets of Hindi films and it is in these places where the protests have been the strongest, apart from West Bengal. Trade analyst Taran Adarsh on day 4 of the films release had tweeted that Dabangg 3s collections were still in double digits. He had said, #Dabangg3 collects in double digits on Day 4... Not performing at optimum levels... Needs to recover lost ground today [evening onwards] + tomorrow [#Christmas]... Fri 24.50 cr, Sat 24.75 cr, Sun 31.90 cr, Mon 10.70 cr. Total: Rs 91.85 cr. #India biz. Note: All versions. Also read: Ajay Devgn on Nysa getting trolled for going to salon after grandfathers death: She was crying; I sent her so shell feel better #Dabangg3 collects in double digits on Day 4... Not performing at optimum levels... Needs to recover lost ground today [evening onwards] + tomorrow [#Christmas]... Fri 24.50 cr, Sat 24.75 cr, Sun 31.90 cr, Mon 10.70 cr. Total:  91.85 cr. #India biz. Note: All versions. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) December 24, 2019 #Dabangg3 collects in double digits on Day 4... Not performing at optimum levels... Needs to recover lost ground today [evening onwards] + tomorrow [#Christmas]... Fri 24.50 cr, Sat 24.75 cr, Sun 31.90 cr, Mon 10.70 cr. Total:  91.85 cr. #India biz. Note: All versions. Dabangg 3 is the third film in the popular franchise which sees Salman play a character called Chulbul Pandey, a cop who doesnt believe in playing by the rules. The film also stars Sonakshi Sinha,who reprises her role as Rajjo (wife of Chulbul), newcomer Saiee Manjrekar and Kannada star Sudeep. The film also stars Pramod Khanna, brother of late Vinod Khanna, as Chulbuls father, a role made popular by the late actor. While social unrest do affect businesses, talking about the film unable to perform to its optimum level, actor Sonakshi Sinha had said that the protests were more important than Dabangg 3s box office collection. In an interaction with media at a Christmas celebration event with underprivileged kids of Angel Xpress Foundation, she had said, We all know what is going on in the entire country, she said, referring to the CAA protests, and added: I think people know that what is more important, but I am honestly happy with audience response to our film. At this moment, entire country has come together on this matter (CAA protests) and it is more important than a film. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 26, 2019 09:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aishwarya-rai-celebrates-christmas-with-aaradhya-alia-bhatt-and-deepika-padukone-party-with-family-see-inside-pics/story-0f25EjpdesX0i0FUS4QutO.html</url>
<title>Aishwarya Rai celebrates Christmas with Aaradhya, Alia Bhatt and Deepika Padukone party with family. See inside pics</title>
<body >It was a day of festivities and joy as Bollywood celebrities celebrated Christmas on Wednesday in the company of family and friends. All from Aishwarya Rai, Alia Bhatt to Deepika Padukone gave their fans a speak peek into their X-mas celebrations on Instagram. Alia, who joined the Kapoor family for the annual Christmas lunch with boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor, shared a glimpse of the celebrations at her own residence. She posted a solo picture of herself standing in front of the Christmas tree and wrote, Its the best time of the year again. Merry Christmas. The actor is casually dressed in black with Christmas with the Bhatts written on her tee. Her sister Shaheen also shared a few pictures with Alia and her father Mahesh Bhatt from the celebrations on her Instagram stories. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Alia  (@aliaabhatt) on Dec 25, 2019 at 7:18am PST A post shared by Alia  (@aliaabhatt) on Dec 25, 2019 at 7:18am PST Aishwarya posted a picture with her daughter Aaradhya as they posed in front of a photo of the actors late father, Krishnaraj Rai. MERRY CHRISTMAS...LOVE ALWAYS, Aishwarya captioned the picture which shows both of them dressed in red. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on Dec 25, 2019 at 6:58am PST A post shared by AishwaryaRaiBachchan (@aishwaryaraibachchan_arb) on Dec 25, 2019 at 6:58am PST Esha Deol shared a family picture on the occasion and captioned it on Instagram, #aboutlastnight #jinglebells #christmastime with our bachchas #radhyatakhtani #mirayatakhtani @bharattakhtani3. Esha, husband Bharat, and daughters Radhya and Miraya are seen dressed in red and white tees and pyjamas in the picture. Kajol, who is currently promoting her upcoming film, Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior, with husband and co-star Ajay Devgn, also posted a picture of the two on Instagram. Sharing the intimate picture of the two striking a pose for the camera, Kajol wrote, Lets just wish everyone a very merry Xmas tonight! View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on Dec 25, 2019 at 8:00am PST A post shared by Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on Dec 25, 2019 at 8:00am PST Deepika Padukone, who had shared a lovely picture with Ranveer to wish her fans on Christmas during the day, showed a glimpse of their X-mas dinner on Instagram. She shared a picture of the dining table with table settinmg done by the actor. For personalised table setting services contact Deepika  Co...Ho Ho Ho....#merrychristmaseveryone, she wrote. She had also decorated the Christmas tree with the help of her sister Anisha Padukone. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on Dec 25, 2019 at 7:35am PST A post shared by Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on Dec 25, 2019 at 7:35am PST Varun Dhawan turned a Santa for his niece on the occasion and shared pictures with the little girl on Instagram. Merry Christmas #streetsanta, he captioned the post. While Varun is seen dressed as Santa, his niece is in a white frock. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Varun Dhawan (@varundvn) on Dec 25, 2019 at 5:18am PST A post shared by Varun Dhawan (@varundvn) on Dec 25, 2019 at 5:18am PST Katrina Kaif posted a few pictures with her Sooryavanshi team, including Akshay Kumar and director Rohit Shetty.   All of them can be seen wearing Santa hats in the picture which went with the caption, Merry Christmas to everyone from the team of sooryavanshi. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Katrina Kaif (@katrinakaif) on Dec 25, 2019 at 4:50am PST A post shared by Katrina Kaif (@katrinakaif) on Dec 25, 2019 at 4:50am PST Also read: Arjun Kapoor, Malaika Arora party with her son Arhaan at family Christmas bash, see pics Kriti Sanon, sister Nupur along with their mother Geeta, visited a childrens home to ring in Christmas with the kids. Kriti posted several pictures from their fun outing on Instagram and wrote, Best Christmas ever!! With these pure souls and happy faces at Asha Daan.. thank you for making me a part of your Christmas celebration! Shall be back soon!!#spreadlove #spreadhappiness. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Kriti (@kritisanon) on Dec 25, 2019 at 5:12am PST A post shared by Kriti (@kritisanon) on Dec 25, 2019 at 5:12am PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Malaika Arora (@malaikaaroraofficial) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:39am PST A post shared by Malaika Arora (@malaikaaroraofficial) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:39am PST Malaika Arora, who joined her parents on the occasion, also shared a picture from one of her Christmas outings to wish her fans on Instagram. Her parents had hosted a dinner which was also attended by Malaikas boyfriend Arjun Kapoor, her son Arhaan and her sister Amrita Arora, husband Shakeel Ladak and their two sons. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 26, 2019 11:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/meghna-gulzar-says-she-used-deepika-padukone-s-craft-not-her-star-power-in-chhapaak/story-1dztoFFkmMUafSGJahUdyJ.html</url>
<title>Meghna Gulzar says she used Deepika Padukones craft, not her star power, in Chhapaak</title>
<body >Meghna Gulzar says she has navigated in a very sensitive and aesthetic manner the subject of Chhapaak, which is based on the life of acid attack survivor and activist Laxmi Agarwal, and calls it a story of trauma and triumph. Meghna said she had to be careful in showing the harm done by acid on the skin and wanted audiences to focus on the character's journey. "One myth of acid attack is that when you are attacked, then it is not that your face melts and falls off. It is not like that. It is like getting burnt with hot water. The skin goes through a process. Having said that, I believe all of it needs to be dealt aesthetically and sensitively if you want your story to resonate... I think this is for every film. It depends on the sensibility of the maker," Meghna told PTI in an interview here. The director said it made sense to explore the issue of acid attacks in the country through the film as during her research she found out that such cases are happening on almost daily basis. She also found out that Laxmi's case was instrumental in Supreme Court's ruling that put restrictions on the sale of acid. "When I was researching, we got to know the frequency with which these attacks were being reported and it was high. Thats when the realisation hit that this is something that happens frequently. When we delved deeper into this case, we found out that her (Laxmi) case was landmark and therefore using it as an anchor to tell the story made sense," Meghna added. When asked whether cinema can bring some sort of healing to women, who either are acid attack survivors or have faced violence, Meghna said, "The essence of the trailer is of two words - trauma and triumph. If it is in the trailer, it is going to be in the film and it is there." Bollywood star Deepika Padukone portrays Laxmi in the movie and Meghna said having an established name on board the film will help in spreading awareness about the issue that the film deals with. "An actor like Deepika playing the part, widens the interest in the film because she is so popular, big and adulated that you will have her fans who want to come and see it. Have I used her star power? I think that is the function of promotion and marketing, which is not me. Have I used her craft? Yes."  The director revealed that she and co-writer Atika Chohan had penned the script of Chhappaak before she directed by her 2018 film Raazi. "It has not taken time. Once we finished writing, Raazi happened. Every script has its own destiny, you can write it but you can't decide when it will get made. That the film decides on its own," Meghna said. The film, which also features Vikrant Massey, is set to release on January 10, the same day Ajay Devgn's Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior will hit the screens. Meghna is unfazed by the clash at the box office as she believes it is impossible to avoid competition. "Our population is of billion people and I am sure two films can find their own audience. We make so many films a year and we have just 52 weeks, it is impossible to make expect a solo release. So the math is simple," she added. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 25, 2019 19:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ayushmann-khurrana-celebrates-beachside-christmas-with-wife-tahira-she-reflects-on-her-journey-post-cancer-see-pics/story-IdGWj8Jcu1hoPuilV4aXJI.html</url>
<title>Ayushmann Khurrana celebrates beachside Christmas with wife Tahira, she reflects on her journey post cancer. See pics</title>
<body >Actor Ayushmann Khurrana and wife Tahira Kashyap have taken off to The Bahamas to celebrate a late Christmas and spend some quality time together ahead of the New Year. The actor kick-started his beach vacation by sharing a few stunning glimpses from the picturesque location. Posting a happy picture with wife Tahira on Instagram, Ayushmann wrote, Xmas happens a day later in Bahamas. #merrychristmas. While Ayushmann is wearing printed shorts, Tahira is in printed co-ords. Both of them are seen leaning to a railing with the blue water behind them. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Ayushmann Khurrana (@ayushmannk) on Dec 25, 2019 at 3:44pm PST A post shared by Ayushmann Khurrana (@ayushmannk) on Dec 25, 2019 at 3:44pm PST Also Watch l Why Ayushmann Khurranas father doesnt approve of his style choices Their industry friends and fans couldnt stop praising the couple. Actor Fatima Sana Shaikh wrote, Such a good looking couple. Tisca Chopra called it, Total #couplegoals. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by tahirakashyapkhurrana (@tahirakashyap) on Dec 25, 2019 at 11:15am PST A post shared by tahirakashyapkhurrana (@tahirakashyap) on Dec 25, 2019 at 11:15am PST Tahira also shared a few solo pictures of herself in the printed co-ords, cap, shades and slippers as she looked back at her journey post cancer. She wrote,  Soaking up the Bahamian sun... last year I remember I posted I was working on self acceptance and that I wish I could face the camera next time! Well next time is here and I am glad I am on this journey of acceptance and love #selfacceptance #nofilter #bahamas. Her friends and followers cheered her up and praised her transformation. Designer Masaba Gupta wrote, So fit!!!!  Fab. Ayushmanns Bala co-star Yami Gautam cheered her saying, Wohoo in the comments section. Comedian Bharti Singh also dropped several heart emojis to show her love for the writer-filmmaker. Also read: Aishwarya Rai celebrates Christmas with Aaradhya, Alia Bhatt and Deepika Padukone party with family. See inside pics View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Ayushmann Khurrana (@ayushmannk) on Dec 23, 2019 at 12:51am PST A post shared by Ayushmann Khurrana (@ayushmannk) on Dec 23, 2019 at 12:51am PST Ayushmann recently received his first National Award for Best Actor for his performance in the film, Andhadhun. The actor was conferred the award by Vice President Venkaiah Naidu at Vigyan Bhawan on Monday. He shared it with Uri actor Vicky Kaushal, who also won the Best Actor award for his performance in the film. Ayushmann had a busy year 2019 with three releases: Article 15, Dream Girl and Bala. He will now be seen in Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan and Gulabo Sitabo. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 27, 2019 07:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/mona-singh-mehendi-ceremony-actor-decks-up-in-flowers-ekta-kapoor-and-sakshi-tanwar-attend-celebrations-see-pics/story-OqH81nWepdnTcIUCPf5t5N.html</url>
<title>Mona Singh mehendi ceremony: Actor decks up in flowers, Gaurav Gera attends celebrations. See pics</title>
<body >Television actor Mona Singh is all set to tie the knot with her boyfriend on December 27. While the actor has kept the wedding a hush-hush affair, the first pictures from her mehendi ceremony have finally landed on the internet. Mona is reportedly dating south Indian investment banker Shyam. The actor decked up in a pink attire and floral jewellery as she sat down for her bridal mehendi. Pictures of her showing her mehendi-decorated hands to the camera have appeared online. According to a report in Mumbai Mirror, the actor was in a rush to finish all her acting commitments by December 14. The actor, who is currently busy with the next season of Ekta Kapoors web show Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain, has reportedly requested them to tweak the show to accommodate her plans. The producers were happy to oblige and pushed her schedule up, shooting all of Monas portions together, so she could take off for her big day. She will wrap up her scenes in 25 days, with December 14 being her last day on set, the report quoted a source as saying. Mona had played Kareenas sister in Rajkumar Hiranis 3 Idiots, starring Aamir Khan in the lead role. She will again star in Aamir-Kareenas next, titled Laal Singh Chaddha. Also read: Aishwarya Rai celebrates Christmas with Aaradhya, Alia Bhatt and Deepika Padukone party with family. See inside pics Mona was recently seen in a web series titled M.O.M. Mission Over Mars on ALT Balaji. She had played the lead scientist in the series which also starred Sakshi Tanwar as the team lead. She has also starred in a few more web series such as Yeh Meri Family and Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain. Mona had shot to fame as the lead protagonist in hit TV show Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin, where she shared the screen space with Gaurav Gera. Her other popular TV shows include Kavach...Kaali Shaktiyon Se, Pyaar Ko Ho Jaane Do, Kya Huaa Tera Vaada and Radhaa Ki Betiyaan Kuch Kar Dikhayengi. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 26, 2019 11:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kajol-twins-with-daughter-nysa-as-they-inaugurate-her-wax-statue-at-madame-tussauds/story-dGdpJpwHgIweDFCjW9FVjJ.html</url>
<title>Kajol and daughter Nysa inaugurate her wax statue at Tussauds, Ajay Devgns got a joke</title>
<body > Kajol posted a picture with her daughter Nysa and the two smiled at the camera with an uncanny resemblance as they walked the red carpet to unveil her wax statue at Madame Tussauds in Singapore. However, it was husband Ajay Devgns joke at his wifes expense that had social media in splits. Meet the silent Kajol, he wrote with a video of Kajol and Nysa at the museum. The video has Nysa looking confused between her mother and her wax replica. Meet the silent Kajol  pic.twitter.com/6LH0DWPJWD One of the most applauded actors of Bollywood, Kajol, posted the picture with her daughter on Instagram and the post has already gotten likes in six digits, that too within an hour of posting the picture. The 43-year-old actress wrote, My little girl with me on a red carpet for the first time, hinting at their appearance at Madame Tussauds Singapore to inaugurate her wax statue. My little girl with me on a red carpet for the first time ..... A post shared by  Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on May 24, 2018 at 2:30am PDT Kajol, who made her Bollywood debut in 1992 with Bekhudi, gave a western touch to her sari and looked glamourous and sophisticated at the event. Her daughter looked chic in a black dress. The mother-daughter duo were twinning in black. Always been a Kajol fan  A post shared by  Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on May 24, 2018 at 4:39am PDT As an actress, Kajol is known for her performance in movies like Karan Arjun, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Gupt: The Hidden Truth, Ishq, Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, Kal Ho Naa Ho and My Name is Khan. She will be seen next in Pradeep Sarkars Eela (tentative title) which will hit the theatres on September 14. She is married to actor-producer Ajay Devgn, with whom she also has a son named Yug. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2018 13:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kajol-gushes-over-relationship-with-teen-daughter-nysa-i-miss-her-so-much/story-m5cpT6G4rLSpFfOYcpxktO.html</url>
<title>Kajol gushes over relationship with teen daughter Nysa: I miss her so much</title>
<body >If Kajol ever needs an actor to play her younger self, she may want to convince her daughter, 15-year-old Nysa Devgn, to head into showbiz. The teen looks just like her famous mom. Kajol and Nysa may share the same good-looks, but the actor has said they have a lot more in common than just their appearance.     A post shared by  Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on May 30, 2017 at 7:34am PDT  A post shared by  Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on May 30, 2017 at 7:34am PDT We definitely share shoes, manicures and pedicures, Kajol told DNA in an interview, subtly suggesting they share a very close bond by adding, We have that kind of a relationship where we are able to talk to each other about a lot of things. But not everything because at the end of the day, Im her mother. I still scold her and she will be like, But whyyyy mom!. So, overall, we are in a good space. In the last few decades as an actor, Kajol has garnered a reputation for being extremely guarded about her personal life, especially her children, Nysa and Yug, 7. But as the rest of the DNA interview reveals, Kajol doesnt seem so worried now about expressing her love for her children.Meet the silent Kajol  pic.twitter.com/6LH0DWPJWD Ajay Devgn (@ajaydevgn) May 24, 2018 Meet the silent Kajol  pic.twitter.com/6LH0DWPJWD As any mother can tell you, staying away from your child can be downright overwhelming. And Kajol is keeping it real about her daughter, who is studying in Singapore. Kajol has revealed how listening to Aint No Sunshine When Shes Gone by Bill Withers made her think, Im missing my baby. But she doesnt mind Nysa living in a different country as they fight less now. true love looks like this, happy raksha bandhan A post shared by  Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on Aug 17, 2016 at 10:23pm PDT I dont know whether we have gotten closer, but we definitely dont fight as much as we used to. Things just dont seem as important as they were when you lived with that person under the same roof. Also, I miss her so much that I just want us to be happy together whenever we meet, Kajol said in the interview.    this just about describes what exactly we did today :) - Nys A post shared by  Ajay Devgn (@ajaydevgn) on Jul 13, 2016 at 6:50am PDT this just about describes what exactly we did today :) - Nys A post shared by  Ajay Devgn (@ajaydevgn) on Jul 13, 2016 at 6:50am PDT Meanwhile, Kajols actor-husband Ajay Devgn previously admitted in a Hindustan Times interview that the decision to send Nysa abroad to complete her schooling was not easy. I am still shaken up. Shes only 14, and she has never been alone and left the house. The whole family is a little upset, but shes adjusting there well, so I am happy about that, Ajay said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 21, 2018 12:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/karan-patel-shares-first-photo-of-daughter-mehr-says-wants-to-be-the-best-dad-when-she-grows-up/story-ecgcM9DsNHmfENb0kvPfdN.html</url>
<title>Karan Patel shares first photo of daughter Mehr, says wants to be the best dad when she grows up</title>
<body >Karan Patel cant contain his happiness at the birth of his daughter Mehr. The actor, who admits he was hoping for a girl, says, Rab di Mehr hui. Being a parent, he says, feels surreal. Its still sinking in. Every day is an experience. Right now, she is too small and sleeps through the day. But when she starts responding to sound and light, those interactions will be fun, Karan says in an exclusive interview, admitting that he and his wife, actor Ankita Bhargava, were anxious due to an earlier miscarriage. She is troubling Ankita the most for now and father ka role thode time ke baad start hoga. I have learned how to swaddle her and change diapers, which I do when Ankita gets really tired. Otherwise, I have been putting her to sleep or staying awake when she wakes up and just taking care of her, the actor adds. While he may not have much of a role to play in little Mehrs life right now, Karan already plans to be the best dad when she is grown up. Now that I have a daughter, I want to break taboos that fathers are protective about their daughters. I think, if you give your daughters enough freedom, education and guidance, you dont have to worry about them, he says, adding, Daughters are more level-headed, sane and trustworthy than sons. Fail hoke pitne ke kisse sirf beton ke hote hain, betiyon ke kabhi sune hain kya? View this post on Instagram            MERRY CHRISTMAS  #RabDiMehr A post shared by  Karan Patel (@karan9198) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:02am PST  MERRY CHRISTMAS  #RabDiMehr A post shared by  Karan Patel (@karan9198) on Dec 25, 2019 at 9:02am PST Also read: Ajay Devgn on Nysa getting trolled for going to salon after grandfathers death: She was crying; I sent her so shell feel better So does the Yeh Hai Mohabbatein star feel, like several others, that a mans life is over after marriage and parenthood?No, quite the contrary. Parenthood is the beginning of life. After having a kid, life takes a turn as you are also living for your children and the well-being of the family. I think its the best thing that can happen to anyone. Kids inspire parents to do better and work harder in life, he says. Talking about how he and Ankita dealt with this pregnancy after a miscarriage, Karan reveals that everyone was anxious about it, but we never lost faith in ourselves and we had the support of our well-wishers and loved ones. We were a bit scared but kept praying nothing goes wrong. The 36-year-old actor goes on to say, We were hoping to have a daughter, especially after the unfortunate miscarriage earlier. This time, we did not want to anticipate or pre-plan anything, because if expectations are not met they lead to a lot of heartbreak. We simply waited for our Mehr... which was Gods gift to us after we lost our daughter the last time. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 26, 2019 13:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/amitabh-bachchan-celebrates-success-his-make-up-man-has-achieved-yet-has-never-missed-work-in-47-years/story-fJyYNlpQ9yv00xSiwuM6oO.html</url>
<title>Amitabh Bachchan celebrates success his make-up man has achieved, yet has never missed work in 47 years</title>
<body >Amitabh Bachchan is busy with his multiple work commitments but never fails to take out time for whom he cares. This weekend, the actor took out time for his make-up man Deepak Sawant, how he has built his life and never missed a day of work in 47 years. He shared a few pictures of himself with Deepak and his family from the event on Twitter and wrote, T 3422 - DEEPAK my Make Up Man for 47 years .. through earnings made Marathi, Bhojpuri films .. started one small room parlour for wife .. today 40 years of the Parlour, over 40 employees , in a 3 storied building .. BUT NEVER MISSED A SINGLE DAY REPORTING for my make up work. T 3422 - DEEPAK my Make Up Man for 47 years .. through earnings made Marathi, Bhojpuri films .. started one small room parlour for wife .. today 40 years of the Parlour, over 40 employees , in a 3 storied building .. BUT NEVER MISSED A SINGLE DAY REPORTING for my make up work pic.twitter.com/wPQZKiqH0R Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) January 26, 2020 T 3422 - DEEPAK my Make Up Man for 47 years .. through earnings made Marathi, Bhojpuri films .. started one small room parlour for wife .. today 40 years of the Parlour, over 40 employees , in a 3 storied building .. BUT NEVER MISSED A SINGLE DAY REPORTING for my make up work pic.twitter.com/wPQZKiqH0R The actor can be seen posing with Deepak and his staff and family at the event. There is also a picture of the crowd that had gathered outside the venue. Amitabh later shared the pictures on his blog and mentioned that his daughters have been trained in UK and abroad. He added, .. AND YES WHEN YOU VISIT THE SUBURB ,DAHISAR there shall be a traffic situation .. many celebrities do not visit this part of the city .. a joy for me to meet all the employees that his wife works with, now 40 of them .. humble filled with their charm of my visit to their parlour .. and all dressed up for the occasion .. we go to openings of large stores and present ourselves at weddings and events .. but I need to honour them that have made humble beginnings and now flourish ... He called it a humbling experience and captioned the pictures, Deepak Sawant and his family .. 40 years of completion of the parlour his wife started alone on a stool. Also read: Bigg Boss 13: Shefali Jariwala claims Paras Chhabra is in one-sided love with Mahira Sharma but she calls it friendship Amitabh has recently shot for Chehre, in which he sports a beard tied in a knot. He will portray an all new look in Ayushmann Khurrana starrer Gulabo Sitabo. He will also be seen in Ayan Mukerjis Brahmastra alongside Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 27, 2020 14:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/mission-mangal-director-jagan-shakti-s-condition-serious-undergoing-diagnosis-for-clot-in-brain-reports/story-lUEFCwboTMgk0oEFnCFvXI.html</url>
<title>Mission Mangal director Jagan Shaktis condition serious, undergoing diagnosis for clot in brain: reports</title>
<body >Mission Mangal director Jagan Shakti has been reportedly diagnosed with a blood clot in his brain and was admitted to a hospital in Mumbai on Saturday for treatment. A report in Koi Moi states that the condition of the filmmaker is serious. According to a report in Republic, Jagans friends have claimed that he collapsed and fell unconscious while socialising with them. He was immediately hospitalised and his family members rushed to the hospital. He is currently undergoing diagnosis. Jagan had made his directorial debut with Mission Mangal, starring Akshay Kumar, Vidya Balan, Taapsee Pannu,   Sonakshi Sinha, Kirti Kulhari and Nithya Menen. The film is a fictional account of ISROs Mars Orbiter Mission or the Mangalyaan launched in 2013. Mission Mangal turned out to be a blockbuster at the box office. The multi-starrer film entered the Rs 200 crore club and went on to become the biggest Independence Day release ever. It released in Hong Kong earlier this month. Jagan had revealed in August last year that he was working on his next film, Ikka. He had told DNA in an interview, I am structuring and writing my script for my third film. Ikka was announced long back and I have worked on the script for a long time. I would like to have it as my second film to explore my action and sleek presentation skills. I am already writing my third film, and I should be about to finish it by the end of the year and then put that in production. Also read: Street Dancer 3D vs Panga box office day 3: Varun-Shraddhas film has lower weekend than Kalank at Rs 40 cr, Kanganas film earns Rs 13 cr Talking about Jagan, Akshay had once told Hindustan Times in an interview, Science lends itself to documentaries, not mainstream cinema is a sentence I heard a million times over the last two years  sometimes from others, sometimes from my inner self. Because from the moment the films director Jagan Shakti, a young man whose name itself sounds like the name of a missile, narrated the story of these brilliant Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) scientists, and their successful Mars Mission, the only question in my rather unscientific mind was whether it was too risky to invest crores into telling this story. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 27, 2020 09:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/sejal-sharma-s-suicide-note-says-can-t-take-pressure-of-this-hard-life-mother-claims-she-wasn-t-depressed/story-XHRR611SJHfZDlacv8qTxK.html</url>
<title>Sejal Sharmas suicide note says cant take pressure of this hard life, mother claims she wasnt depressed</title>
<body >Sejal Sharma, TV actor who committed suicide by hanging self at her residence, was said to be depressed after she suggested the same in her suicide note. However, her mother has dismissed the claims that Sejal had depression, adding the actor had even landed a lead role recently. According to a report in Amar Ujala, Sejals mother said, She had got a lead role. I dont know what happened after that she chose to kill herself.  Donal Bisht, who worked with Sejal on the show Actor of Dil Toh Happy Hai Ji also  revealed that the actor had auditioned for a role and was also shortlisted. Sejal had reportedly said, I cant take the pressure of this hard life in her suicide letter which seems to have been written in a hurry and was not legible. A report in Mumbai Mirror has quoted a Thane police official as saying, We are calling experts to decipher many words in the letter written cursively. However, from whatever we have been able to understand, she was tired of the struggles in life. He also informed that she also apologised to her parents stating that they would have to live with the stigma for her decision (of committing suicide). In the note, she has not blame anyone for her decision to take the extreme step, he added. Also read: Mission Mangal director Jagan Shaktis condition serious, undergoing diagnosis for clot in brain: reports Jasmin Bhasin, who played the role of Happy in Dil Toh Happy Hai Ji, had told Pinkvilla, Her mother and father were not keeping best of health, she had the responsibility of doing something for them, make money and be something. She was a very talented and ambitious girl. I always told her that she will get a show on her talent anytime. She was disciplined and focused. She was auditioning. I have spoken to a couple of her co-stars too and they are equally shocked. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 27, 2020 11:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-on-zero-my-last-film-was-a-disaster-i-have-decided-to-enjoy-some-un-success/story-TU0xrSdeRLev1OIij0CPbL.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan on Zero: My last film was a disaster; I have decided to enjoy some un-success</title>
<body >Superstar Shah Rukh Khan is on a short break from movies, but the actor says he still has a lot of capacity to create some really good cinema. The 53-year-old actor, whose last few films -- Dilwale, Jab Harry Met Sejal and Zero -- were not well-received by the audiences, said the passion for cinema he sees in the people around drives him to tell good stories. What drives me to do a film is the people around me who make such a great cinema... And I think I have a huge amount of capacity to do some really good cinema. I have 20-25 years of good cinema left in me, Shah Rukh said. The actor was talking on the sidelines of the 10th edition of Indian Film Festival of Melbourne (IFFM), where he is the chief guest. Shah Rukh also revealed that post Zero, he decided to take a break and has been travelling and discovering new stories. I just finished the last film I made and to put it lightly, it was a disaster. I said to myself that let me enjoy a little bit of un-success as I had success for so long. So I have taken some time off for next four or five months, he said. As a matter of fact, Im on these breaks... Coming here (Melbourne) and meeting people, realising and discovering new stories, doing intellectual speaking, the actor added. Shah Rukh officially opened IFFM on August 9 with the screening of Rima Das-directed movie Bulbul Can Sing, which on Friday won the National Award for Best Assamese Film. As a part of his trip, the Bollywood star was conferred with an Honorary Degree, Doctor of Letters (honoris causa) by the Melbourne-based La Trobe University, in recognition of his efforts to support underprivileged children, fight for womens empowerment through Meer Foundation and his achievements in the Indian entertainment industry. The 10-day-long IFFM will screen over 60 films in Hindi and regional languages including Assamese, Tamil and Bengali. Other celebrities attending the festival include Das, Karan Johar, Malaika Arora, Arjun Kapoor, Vijay Sethupathi, Zoya Akhtar, Tabu, Onir and Sriram Raghavan, Thiagarajan Kumararaja and Vijay Krishna Acharya. </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 12, 2019 12:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kangana-ranaut-reacts-to-deepika-padukone-s-jnu-visit-i-don-t-want-to-empower-people-who-celebrate-when-a-jawan-dies/story-9wSGCIkn6CCYEScf5chCSJ.html</url>
<title>Kangana Ranaut reacts to Deepika Padukones JNU visit: I dont want to empower people who celebrate when a jawan dies</title>
<body >Just days after she praised her for brilliant acting and choosing a sensitive subject with Chhapaak, Bollywood actor Kangana Ranaut is up in arms against Deepika Padukone for her recent visit to Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi where she stood in solidarity with students attacked by a masked mob earlier this month. While insisting Deepika is well within her democratic rights and she should not have opinions about what Deepika is doing, Kangana told Spotboye in an interview, I think shes exercising her democratic right which she can. She very well knows what shes doing. I shouldnt have an opinion about what shes doing. It will not be appropriate for me to say she should have done this or that. I can say what I want to do. Also read: National Commission for Women closes Anu Malik sexual harassment case, ready to reopen if new evidence comes forth I definitely wont go and stand behind Tukde Gang (laughing) for whatever happens. I dont want to support anyone who divides this nation. I dont want to give power or empower people in the Nation who celebrate when a Jawan dies. I dont want to be with them. So, I can tell what I want but I dont want to comment on what she shouldve done, Kangana added. Also Watch l Deepika Padukone visits JNU to support students protesting violence She also spoke about the box office performance of Meghna Gulzars Chhapaak and said,  A film has to work on its on merit. There are very few percentage of India on Twitter  when a movie is good, trust me, even the enemies go and watch it. Nobody can resist a good film. Ahead of the films release, Kangana put out a video where she praised Deepika and Meghna for picking a sensitive subject like that of acid attack survivors and portraying it well. Prior to the video, Deepika had also appreciated Kanganas upcoming film Panga where she essays the role of a mother and a kabbadi player. I watch a lot of trailers for films with my cast and when I get time, I watch these films as an audience. Pangas trailer impressed me a lot. Looking at this trailer, which is painted by Kangana Ranauts performance, it seems that this film will also be very good, Deepika had said. Directed by Ashwiny Iyer Tiwari, Panga is about a woman who fights all odds to make a comeback as a professional kabaddi player after having a child. It is slated to hit theatres on January 24. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 17, 2020 12:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-paras-chhabra-s-mom-says-no-pda-with-mahira-sharma-as-36-aayengi-36-jayengi-teri-wali-teri-maa-hi-layegi/story-lH0Wuudb8fBNDFqU3my6iL.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13: Paras Chhabras mom says no PDA with Mahira Sharma as 36 aayengi, 36 jayengi, teri wali teri maa hi layegi</title>
<body >Paras Chhabra had a tearful reunion with his mother Ruby Chhabra, who entered the Bigg Boss 13 house as part of the family week on the show. She advised him to concentrate on his own game, instead of being a Godfather for others. In a promo shared by the official Twitter handle of Bigg Boss, Paras is seen introducing his mother to Mahira Sharma. For those not in the know, Paras and Mahira have been in the news for their closeness and public displays of affection on Bigg Boss 13. However, outside the show, he has been in a relationship with Akanksha Puri for the last three years. Ruby advised Paras not to get too intimate with Mahira. In the clip, she says, Chipta-chipti nahi. 36 aayengi, 36 jaayengi, teri wali teri maa hi layegi. (No getting cosy. 36 will come and 36 will go, but your mother will choose the woman you end up with.) #BiggBoss ne maan li #ParasChhabra ki minnate aur milwaaya unhe aaj apni Maa se!Watch this emotional episode tonight at 10:30 PM.Anytime on @justvoot.@vivo_india @AmlaDaburIndia @bharatpeindia @beingsalmankhan #BiggBoss #BiggBoss13 #BB13 #SalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/K9SUuUh7ri Bigg Boss (@BiggBoss) January 17, 2020 #BiggBoss ne maan li #ParasChhabra ki minnate aur milwaaya unhe aaj apni Maa se!Watch this emotional episode tonight at 10:30 PM.Anytime on @justvoot.@vivo_india @AmlaDaburIndia @bharatpeindia @beingsalmankhan #BiggBoss #BiggBoss13 #BB13 #SalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/K9SUuUh7ri Earlier, Sania Sharma came on the show and asked Paras not to kiss her daughter Mahira. In an earlier promo, she tells him, Paras, tere ko main maaru? Teri girlfriend bohot pyaari hai, Akanksha. Itni pyaari hai. Mahira toh tumhari dost hai hi. Baaki na, kissy-vissy mat kar, jo mujhe achcha nahi lagta. (Paras, should I hit you? Your girlfriend Akanksha is so lovely. Mahira is your friend, but dont kiss her, I dont like it.) Also read | Bigg Boss 13: Madhurima Tulis mom condemns her hitting Vishal Aditya Singh with pan, says, I have always supported him Meanwhile, Akanksha said in an interview that Paras wants to marry her after coming out of the Bigg Boss 13 house. When asked if they were planning to tie the knot this year, she said, We had plans. That was the last conversation Paras and I had just before he entered his vanity (van). He was keen that we shouldnt delay anymore and that it should happen soon (after the show is over). He was very happy. However, Akanksha feels that this is the time for Paras to focus on his career, and marriage can wait. But I was somebody who said that you first come out then well talk about it. I think this is his time. I want him to focus on his work as he has really waited for this for a long time. Right now, these things can wait, she said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 17, 2020 14:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/akshay-kumar-wishes-twinkle-khanna-on-19th-wedding-anniversary-shares-visual-representation-of-what-married-life-looks-like/story-L4DaCPnSwDN1zt2STwYNeI.html</url>
<title>Akshay Kumar wishes Twinkle Khanna on 19th wedding anniversary, shares visual representation of what married life looks like</title>
<body >Akshay Kumar and wife Twinkle Khanna, known for their banter on social media and otherwise, are celebrating their 19th wedding anniversary on Friday. Akshay wished Mrs Funnybones on the occasion by sharing a hilarious picture on Instagram with a funnier message. Sharing the picture which shows him scaring Twinkle in the get-up of his 2.0 character, Pakshi Rajan, Akshay wrote on Twitter, Visual representation of what married life looks like...some days you wanna cuddle and some days look like...as you can see. All said and done, I wouldnt have it any other way, Happy Anniversary Tina...with love from Pakshirajan. His fans also did not leave the chance to have fun reacting to the picture. A fan wrote, Tu cheej lajab Tera koye Na jawab. Another said, Zor zor se bolke schemein batado sabko. @akshaykumar. One more viewer warned him, Sir if u remain doing same twinkle madam would call her bodyguard #chitti. Twinkle had earlier shared a picture of onion earrings, gifted to him by Akshay. She captioned the picture: From one shoot to another:) I am glad I got the chance to wear my priceless gifts that were brought home from a shoot, before they started sprouting shoots themselves:) #OnionsAreAGirlsBestFriends. Akshay had spotted the earrings on The Kapil Sharma Show where the actor had gone to promote his film, Good Newwz. Talking about them, Twinkle wrote, My partner returns from performing at the Kapil Sharma show and says, They were showing this to Kareena, I dont think she was too impressed, but I knew you would enjoy them so I got them for you. Sometimes its the smallest things, the silliest things that can touch your heart. #onionearrings #bestpresentaward. Also read: Love Aaj Kal trailer: Sara Ali Khan, Kartik Aaryans melodrama is too much to handle; songs are saving grace Akshays latest release Good Newwz has become a blockbuster with collections of Rs 197 crore so far. He starred alongside Kareena Kapoor in the film which also had Kiara Advani and Diljit Dosanjh in prominent roles. He has several major projects this year, including Rohit Shettys Sooryavanshi, Laxmmi Bomb and Prithviraj. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 17, 2020 14:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/vicky-kaushal-adds-spunk-to-india-vs-new-zealand-harbhajan-singh-gives-him-a-funny-task-watch/story-Txy8GmChtBMl62LHVQrtPM.html</url>
<title>Vicky Kaushal adds spunk to India vs New Zealand, Harbhajan Singh gives him a funny task. Watch</title>
<body >Vicky Kaushal recently joined cricketer Harbhajan Singh for some fun during the India vs New Zealand 2nd One Day International match. As Team India led by Virat Kohli took on New Zealand at Eden Park in Auckland, Vicky took the opportunity to promote his upcoming horror film, Bhoot Part One: The Haunted Ship. Harbhajan gave Vicky a funny task as they came together to talk about the match in a Star Sports studio. The actor was made to wear a mouth prop and was asked to say a few lines as a cricketer. Vicky took up the challenge while holding a cricket bat like a mic and said, I am very happy the way I played today. I would like to thank all the spectators... Harbhajan laughed at his attempt and said he was actually practising for his film, Bhoot. Commentary with a scarily funny twist!@vickykaushal09 @harbhajan_singh #Bhoot #TheHauntedShip #CricketLive @StarSportsIndia pic.twitter.com/wKr7ZkWewN Dharma Productions (@DharmaMovies) February 8, 2020 Commentary with a scarily funny twist!@vickykaushal09 @harbhajan_singh #Bhoot #TheHauntedShip #CricketLive @StarSportsIndia pic.twitter.com/wKr7ZkWewN Vicky was dressed in an ice blue suit with a quirky tee for the films promotions. He also shared a picture with Harbhajan on his Instagram stories with the caption, My love for cricket with Phaajis encounters with Bhoot. Vickys Bhoot Part One: The Haunted Ship is a part of the horror franchise that revolves around a ship that lies static on a beach. Bankrolled by Karan Johar, the film also features Bhumi Pednekar and Ashutosh Rana in pivotal roles. It is slated to hit theatres on February 21, 2020, and will clash with Ayushmann Khurrana-starrer Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan. Also read: Delhi elections 2020: Taapsee Pannu casts vote with her family, jokes how her parents werent prepared to host her Calling it tricky to work on a horror film, the actor had said at the films trailer launch, This was something I was not prepared for as an actor. While doing comedy, drama or emotional scenes, you can leave it to the moment between co-actors. You can rehearse, and while acting you leave it to the moment. You surrender to the moment and create something. But horror is a genre where I had to know everything in advance. The scene was explained to me in advance, and I know whats going to happen next and have to react to it. I cannot just leave it to the moment. So, it was very technical and detailed, and a very tricky space, which I wasnt really exposed to earlier. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 08, 2020 12:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/katrina-kaif-to-star-in-ali-abbas-zafar-s-superhero-film-may-perform-never-seen-before-stunts-report/story-XdJ3vWbw9hSMpLM2zMbJgL.html</url>
<title>Katrina Kaif to star in Ali Abbas Zafars superhero film, may perform never-seen-before stunts: report</title>
<body >Katrina Kaif, last seen alongside Salman Khan in Ali Abbas Zafars Bharat, is reportedly set to collaborate with the filmmaker for a superhero film. The actor, who is a fitness freak, is also expected to perform some never-seen-before stunts in the film. A Mumbai Mirror report has quoted a source as saying, Ali will be directing this film and is currently finalising the script. They have been planning this project for a while now. Its an exciting project for both as it will showcase never-seen-before stunts in Bollywood. Katrina is currently at her fittest and regular workouts will come in handy. The idea is to spin a franchise. Ali is said to have plans to make it into a superhero action franchise. He will be writing, directing and producing the film, which is expected to go on floors this year but the final date is yet to be confirmed. Katrina had also attended Alis birthday party last month and was seen in the company of Shah Rukh Khan. The two are now rumoured to come together for the superhero movie again after their last film Zero turned out to be a commercial and critical failure. Also read: Kareena Kapoor joins Taimur, Inaaya on dance floor at Yash-Roohis bash, Ananya Panday posts playtime pics This will be Katrina and Alis fourth film together after the 2011 film Mere Brother Ki Dulhan, 2017 film Tiger Zinda Hai and 2019 film Bharat. The actor had wished him on his birthday on Instagram with a goofy picture of her holding his neck. Happy birthday buddy @aliabbaszafar ....... May this be the new for new adventures and the conquer new heights .... Im always here by your side( mostly without my hand around ur neck), she captioned the picture. Katrina has a few more coveted projects in her kitty. She will be seen opposite Akshay Kumar in Rohit Shettys Sooryavanshi. This is also an action film and will hit theatres on March 27 this year. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 08, 2020 11:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/mira-rajput-can-t-take-her-hands-off-shahid-kapoor-in-this-new-romantic-picture/story-0ZA1J5vUskh5iol6An91YI.html</url>
<title>Mira Rajput cant take her hands off Shahid Kapoor in this new romantic picture</title>
<body >Mira Rajput, wife of actor Shahid Kapoor, has shared a romantic picture of them on Instagram amid the countdown to the Valentines Day. The monochrome picture shows Mira clinging to Shahid who seems to be lost in deep thought. Mira posted the picture without any caption. It got more than 1,30,000 likes in less than an hour, including a like from Shahids Kabir Singh co-star Kiara Advani. Fans were happy to get their hands on a new picture of Shahid and Mira after a long time. A fan wrote, Aww so happy to see both of u together. Another commented on the post, so lovely couple. One more wrote, God bless you both #couplegoals. Shahid is currently shooting for his next, Jersey. The actor will be essaying the role of a cricketer in the film which is a Hindi remake of the Telugu film of the same name helmed by Gowtam Tinnanuri. The movie is slated to release on August 28 this year and will also star Mrunal Thakur of Super 30 fame. Shahid had got injured on the sets of the film in Chandigarh  last month and Mira had rushed to bring him back to Mumbai. Soon after returning, he took to Twitter to express his gratitude to his fans who were concerned about his injury. He wrote, Thank you for all the concern. Yes I have got a few stitches but am recovering fast. #jersey has taken a little bit of my blood but a script this good deserves that in the least. Have a good one you all. Keep it real. Make it count. Spread the love. Humanity above all. Also read: Deepika Padukone promises to be with Ranveer Singh come sunshine or rain, see pic Film trade analyst Taran Adarsh is already positive about the film and wrote on Twitter on Friday, Shahid Kapoor is on a roll after the stupendous success of #KabirSingh... The India theatrical distribution rights of his next film Jersey have been acquired by Rakesh Sippy for a fantastic price... Jersey is directed by Gowtam Tinnanuri... 28 Aug 2020 release. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 09, 2020 13:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/vicky-kaushal-on-homosexuality-when-you-re-growing-up-you-don-t-know-which-side-you-fall-on/story-D3ZqxCZUnQ9dOZXTvbXOMJ.html</url>
<title>Vicky Kaushal on homosexuality: When youre growing up, you dont know which side you fall on</title>
<body >Vicky Kaushal has lent his support to the LGBTQIA+ community on an audio show. The actor opened up about how everyone in their early years has doubts in their mind about who theyre attracted to. The actor appeared on the Azaad Awaaz series on Audible Suno where he said, When youre growing up, there are always these thoughts, you dont know which side you fall on. You make your jigri dost at that age and you want to spend more time with them, and then you hear all these terms about being gay and you think oh I wanna hang out more with my guy friends, am I you know??. Everyone has those doubts in their mind about who theyre attracted to. Talking about how the closet has become bigger for people who want to step out of it, he said, Sometimes you discuss it with your family and they deal with it, but their family tells you that this small little group knows, but the world doesnt need to. So the closet has become bigger. So that is something they go through and now that theyre open and comfortable about it, and the world is talking about it, they feel like they have wings now. And its so beautiful to see. Calling it a very natural thing, he said, After spending countless hours at the crematorium I realised the importance of existence. Everybody has to face the reality that is death. So after being called fat, ugly or dark at the end of the journey we all are the same - ashes. Also read: Malang reactions: Katrina Kaif, Sonam Kapoor glam up screening, Pulkit Samrat calls film entertainer with a soul Vicky will now be seen in his first horror film, Bhoot: The Haunted Ship. The film trailer shows Vicky essaying the role of a survey officer of the Sea-Bird,a beached haunted ship. The actor also has the Udham Singh biopic and Takht in his kitty. He will also feature in Aditya Dhars The Immortal Ashwatthama. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 07, 2020 12:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/inside-karan-johar-s-kids-yash-and-roohi-s-birthday-party-kareena-kapoor-attends-with-taimur-shahid-kapoor-s-son-zain-rides-pillion/story-s5xppaxgbfylLpOk4ki6RI.html</url>
<title>Inside Karan Johars kids Yash and Roohis birthday party: Kareena Kapoor attends with Taimur, Shahid Kapoors son Zain rides pillion</title>
<body >Filmmaker Karan Johars twins, Roohi and Yash, will turn three on February 7. Ahead of that, Karan decided to throw a lavish kids party at Mumbais Taj Lands End to kick off the celebrations. In attendance was Kareena Kapoor Khans son Taimur Ali Khan. Also seen at the party were a host of celebrity kids including Kunal Kemmu and Soha Ali Khans little girl Inaaya Naumi, Shah Rukh Khans younger son AbRam, Aishwarya Rai Bachchans daughter Aaradhya, Shahid Kapoor and Mira Rajputs kids -- Misha and Zain, Riteish Deshmukh and wife Genelia DSouzas kidsRahyl and Riaan, among many other star kids. In videos and pictures doing the rounds on social media, Taimur can be seen jumping around and having a blast. He holds two balls in his hands. Inaaya too can be seen going round and round in circles, enjoying her moment. The party was jungle-themed and also featured tents with jungle and animal prints. In a video shared online, Karan can also be seen cutting a cake with Amrita Aroras son, who also celebrated his birthday on Wednesday. In other pictures from the party, actor Alia Bhatt can be seen kissing baby Roohi. The actor reportedly babysits Karans twins frequently. View this post on Instagram           Bachcha party!! Taimur and Inaaya at KJos twins Yash and Roohia buddayyy bash  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #taimuralikhan #inaayanaumikemmu #yashjohar #roohijohar #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Feb 5, 2020 at 5:01am PST Bachcha party!! Taimur and Inaaya at KJos twins Yash and Roohia buddayyy bash  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #taimuralikhan #inaayanaumikemmu #yashjohar #roohijohar #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Feb 5, 2020 at 5:01am PST View this post on Instagram           KJo at his twins Yash and Roohis buddayyy party today... feedin some cake to Amrita Aroras son Azaan who also celebrates his 10th Birthday today... dont miss AbRam Khan wearing that tiger face paint  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #karanjohar #abramkhan #azaanladak #amritaarora #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Feb 5, 2020 at 5:58am PST KJo at his twins Yash and Roohis buddayyy party today... feedin some cake to Amrita Aroras son Azaan who also celebrates his 10th Birthday today... dont miss AbRam Khan wearing that tiger face paint  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #karanjohar #abramkhan #azaanladak #amritaarora #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Feb 5, 2020 at 5:58am PST View this post on Instagram           #karanjohar 's daughter #Roohijohar and son #YashJohar at their birthday celebration party today. #yogenshah A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 5, 2020 at 5:56am PST #karanjohar 's daughter #Roohijohar and son #YashJohar at their birthday celebration party today. #yogenshah A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 5, 2020 at 5:56am PST View this post on Instagram           So cute!!! All the attention is on Ekta Kapoors sonny boi Ravie... being doted on by his mamu Tusshar and uncle Riteish!! Scenes from KJos twins Yash-Roohis birthday party today  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #riteishdeshmukh #tussharkapoor #ektakapoor #karanjohar #neelamkothari #raviekapoor #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Feb 5, 2020 at 8:37am PST So cute!!! All the attention is on Ekta Kapoors sonny boi Ravie... being doted on by his mamu Tusshar and uncle Riteish!! Scenes from KJos twins Yash-Roohis birthday party today  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #riteishdeshmukh #tussharkapoor #ektakapoor #karanjohar #neelamkothari #raviekapoor #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Feb 5, 2020 at 8:37am PST  View this post on Instagram           Single parents Club.....we broke barriers! #happybirthdayroohiandyash  by @neelamkotharisoni A post shared by  Tusshar (@tusshark89) on Feb 5, 2020 at 6:17am PST Single parents Club.....we broke barriers! #happybirthdayroohiandyash  by @neelamkotharisoni A post shared by  Tusshar (@tusshark89) on Feb 5, 2020 at 6:17am PST Also read: Akshay Kumar pips Deepika Padukone in celeb brand ranking, is worth Rs 740 crore; Aamir Khan suffers major drop In some other pictures, AbRams tiger face tattoo is pretty obvious. Roohi can also be seen riding toy bikes. Mira Rajput took to her Instagram stories to share pictures from the party. In one of them, Zain can be seen sitting behind Roohi on a bike, with other kids on another bike. She captioned it as Dhoom machale. In another picture, Misha can be seen peeping out of a tiny tent window. Karan, who was recently awarded the Padma Shri, remains busy as a producer, director and presenter. His latest release will be Bhoot Part 1:The Haunted Ship, starring Vicky Kaushal and Bhumi Pednekar. He will also begin shooting his ambitious directorial, Takht from this month. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 06, 2020 10:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/inside-karan-johar-s-twins-yash-and-roohi-s-birthday-bash-taimur-lives-his-best-life-inaaya-dances-watch-video/story-8TiDM8yCBRSvjiFxSCfhBP.html</url>
<title>Inside Karan Johars twins Yash and Roohis birthday bash: Taimur lives his best life, Inaaya dances. Watch video</title>
<body >Karan Johars twins, Roohi and Yash, celebrated their third birthday on Wednesday, at a grand party thrown by the prolific filmmaker. Spotted at the party were Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoors son Taimur Ali Khan and his cousin, Inaaya Naumi Kemmu, daughter of Soha Ali Khan and Kunal Kemmu. A video from inside the party shows the kids frolicking around in an outdoor area adorned with teepees. While the birthday boy and girl can be seen standing silently, Taimur is extremely animated as he jumps around and dances. Tim is living his best life, one person wrote in the comments section. Chhota Justin Bieber, wrote another person, perhaps comparing Yash to the popstar. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 5, 2020 at 4:33am PST A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Feb 5, 2020 at 4:33am PST Ahead of the party, Pinkvilla reported that other star kids  such as Shah Rukh Khans son AbRam Khan, Shahid Kapoors daughter Misha Kapoor, Aishwarya Rai Bachchans daughter Aaradhya Bachchan, Neha Dhupias daughter Mehr Dhupia Bedi, and others are expected to attend. In an interview to Hindustan Times, Karan had said that he is now more interested in his kids birthdays than his own. Yes, its a great day to feel the sense of love from your loved ones but I cant be millennial about my birthdays anymore. Now, I have to start directing those energies towards my kids, he said. Karan has often spoken about how his twins have changed his life. His Instagram bio now reads, father and then filmmaker. He often shares pictures and videos of them on his Instagram, from playdates with the kids of other actors. I cant thank the universe enough for giving my mother and me the most beautiful gift ever....Happy Birthday Roohi and Yash....you are a blessing to us, he had written on their first birthday. Karan welcomed the twins in 2017. They were born via surrogacy and spent over 50 days in the hospital after their birth. While Yash is named after Karans late dad, Roohi is an anagram of his mothers name, Hiroo. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 05, 2020 19:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-goes-make-up-free-son-taimur-transforms-into-the-hulk-at-yash-roohi-s-birthday-party/story-359OtRBUDNn2L4Ze44z09K.html</url>
<title>KareenaKapoor goes make-up free, sonTaimur transforms into The Hulk at Yash-Roohis birthday party</title>
<body >Filmmaker KaranJohars twins  Roohi and Yash  turned three onFriday. Ahead of the day, the filmmaker had hosted a lavish kids party, attended by a host of star kids and their celebrity parents. Now, more photos from the bash have appeared on social media. In one of the new pictures to have surfaced online, Kareena Kapoor Khans son Taimur can be seen sitting intently  and looking on as a person paints his face with green, black and white colours, transforming him into a cute little The Hulk. In other pictures, one shows actor Kajol posing with Karan and Hiroo. In yet another, Karan is led by ShahRukh Khans son AbRam, as both smile. In another wind-swept picture, a makeup-free Kareena poses with Twinkle Khanna and RaniMukerji. In a fourth picture, Karan can be seen carrying his son,Yash, in his arms. In another, Karan, who is carrying Roohi in his arms, cuts a Peppa Pig-themed birthday cake. View this post on Instagram           Inside pics from Yash  Roohi's birthday bash  #KareenaKapoorKhan #Kareena #KareenaKapoor #Bebo #MyBebo #Bebolicious #SaifAliKhan #TaimurAliKhan #TaimurAliKhanPataudi #Taimur #AbRamKhan #YashJohar #RoohiJohar #KaranJohar #SaifeenaJunior #GeeshiaKhan #Superstar #Love #QueenKareena #QueenOfBollywood #BollywoodActress #BollywoodDiva #BollywoodStyle #BollywoodFashion #BollywoodLife #Bollywood #India #Indonesia #GeeshiaBeboAuzeea #GeeBebo919 A post shared by  Geeshia Bebo Auzeea (@geebebo919) on Feb 6, 2020 at 9:05pm PST Inside pics from Yash  Roohi's birthday bash  #KareenaKapoorKhan #Kareena #KareenaKapoor #Bebo #MyBebo #Bebolicious #SaifAliKhan #TaimurAliKhan #TaimurAliKhanPataudi #Taimur #AbRamKhan #YashJohar #RoohiJohar #KaranJohar #SaifeenaJunior #GeeshiaKhan #Superstar #Love #QueenKareena #QueenOfBollywood #BollywoodActress #BollywoodDiva #BollywoodStyle #BollywoodFashion #BollywoodLife #Bollywood #India #Indonesia #GeeshiaBeboAuzeea #GeeBebo919 A post shared by  Geeshia Bebo Auzeea (@geebebo919) on Feb 6, 2020 at 9:05pm PST ALSO WATCH | Kareena Kapoor Khan on Taimurs stardom; career after marriage  View this post on Instagram           3 Beauties #Kareenakapoor #TwinkleKhanna #RaniMukherjee at #RoohiJohar and #YashJohar s birthday party yesterday.. All of them posing for #Paparazzi #KaranJohar #Celebrity #Fashion #Updates A post shared by  Filmy Gali (@filmy_gali) on Feb 6, 2020 at 8:32pm PST 3 Beauties #Kareenakapoor #TwinkleKhanna #RaniMukherjee at #RoohiJohar and #YashJohar s birthday party yesterday.. All of them posing for #Paparazzi #KaranJohar #Celebrity #Fashion #Updates A post shared by  Filmy Gali (@filmy_gali) on Feb 6, 2020 at 8:32pm PST View this post on Instagram           At #karanjohar 's daughter #Roohijohar and son #YashJohars birthday party. #karanjohar with #abram A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 6, 2020 at 7:14pm PST At #karanjohar 's daughter #Roohijohar and son #YashJohars birthday party. #karanjohar with #abram A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 6, 2020 at 7:14pm PST View this post on Instagram           #hiroojohar #kajol with #karanjohar At #karanjohar 's daughter #Roohijohar and son #YashJohars birthday party. A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 6, 2020 at 7:12pm PST #hiroojohar #kajol with #karanjohar At #karanjohar 's daughter #Roohijohar and son #YashJohars birthday party. A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 6, 2020 at 7:12pm PST In Tuesdays party, celeb kids were spotted having a fun time  a video of Taimur dancing and jumping to music was all over the internet. In the same video, Taimurs little cousin Inaaya Naumi too was seen swaying to music. In another video, Ekta Kapoors son was seen with Riteish Deshmukh. Posting a picture of single parents club, Tusshar had written: Single parents Club.....we broke barriers! View this post on Instagram           Still From Birthday Bash  . #YashJohar  #roohijohar with daddy #karanjohar  . #Bollywoodkids #Bollywood # #cutebabies #love #celebrity #cute A post shared by  Bollywood_Kids (@bollywood_kids) on Feb 6, 2020 at 8:13am PST Still From Birthday Bash  . #YashJohar  #roohijohar with daddy #karanjohar  . #Bollywoodkids #Bollywood # #cutebabies #love #celebrity #cute A post shared by  Bollywood_Kids (@bollywood_kids) on Feb 6, 2020 at 8:13am PST View this post on Instagram           #karanjohar with daughter #Roohijohar at roohi and son #YashJohars birthday party. A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 6, 2020 at 7:17pm PST #karanjohar with daughter #Roohijohar at roohi and son #YashJohars birthday party. A post shared by  yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Feb 6, 2020 at 7:17pm PST Also read: Kareena Kapoor asks Sara Ali Khan if she has had a one-night stand, sent naughty texts Early on Friday, Karanposted a touching note on being a single parent and thanked his mother Hiroo for being his support system. He wrote: I am a single parent in social status...but in actuality am definitely not....my mother so beautifully and emotionally co parents our babies with me...I could never have taken such a big decision without her solid support...the twins turn 3 today and our feeling of being blessed continues with renewed vigour with every passing year...I thank the universe for completing us with Roohi and Yash..... Karan Johar, meanwhile, remains busy as ever. His latest production Bhoot Part 1: The Haunted Ship, will hit the screens onFebruary 21, 2020. Karan will also begin shooting for his latest directorial, Takht. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 08, 2020 14:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/after-birds-of-prey-a-definitive-ranking-of-the-dc-extended-universe-films/story-4BFgax1N6u3ma2ki2EbrJL.html</url>
<title>After Birds of Prey, a definitive ranking of the DC Extended Universe films</title>
<body >It is unclear what is more dramatic: the tragic derailment of the DCEU, or the manner in which Warner Bros has attempted to bring the superhero franchise back on track. What began as a hungry move to replicate the success of the Marvel Cinematic Universe has turned into a textbook example of crisis resolution in the film industry. No other film franchise in this current era - not even Universals laughably bad Dark Universe - has been scrutinised with such passion, and passionate hate. It is almost as if a certain section of fandom - and not necessarily Marvel fandom; there are detractors even in the DC camp - is willing the DCEU to crash and burn. A couple of years ago, Warner Bros made the excuse that while the DC films had received a critical drubbing, the studio gauged success on the basis of how the audience received the movies - and the solid box office performance of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad was proof that critics were out of touch with the general public. The release of Wonder Woman seemed to reassert this notion. The film became the first in the series to receive a fresh rating on the review aggregator site, Rotten Tomatoes, and for a brief moment in time, everything was OK in the DC universe. But around the same time as Wonder Woman was having a game changing theatrical run, news about a massively troubled Justice League began brewing. Justice League went into production a few weeks after BvS release - far too late in the day for any sort of major change to be made in the same dour tone that director Zack Snyder had set for his answer to Marvels Avengers. When Snyder turned in an assembly cut - not a directors cut, but merely an assembly of usable footage - it was the final straw. Warner Bros set up a committee to oversee the film, and to provide feedback. One of the members of this committee was Joss Whedon, director of Avengers and Avengers: Age of Ultron, whod had his own, very public falling out with Marvel Studios. In May 2017, Snyder stepped down from the film - the reason given at the time was personal, but it has since been rumoured that he was made to leave - and Whedon was hired to finish work on the movie. Justice League is essentially a film that was shot twice, inflating its budget like venom inflates Banes muscles. The final result was a hodgepodge of conflicting ideas and tones, a feeble attempt at putting together a team movie, lacking any sort of personality. Say what you will about BvS, at least it looked and felt like a Zack Snyder movie. All this context was crucial to the story of Aquaman - the most successful DC film, and perhaps one of the last to retain the core stars, who were all cast by the long-gone Snyder. Aquaman can serve as a bridge between the DCEUs misguided past, and its refreshing future. This march continued with Shazam!, which is perhaps as far removed from the dour Snyder movies as can be possible. Suddenly, the DCEU finds itself on a winning streak, a streak that it will want to continue with this weeks Birds of Prey, the first R-rated film of the franchise. Heres a ranking of the films, from worst to best. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Batman v Superman is not so much a superhero movie as it is a story about two mammas boys measuring the length of their capes, finding that they disagree, and proceeding to poke each other with threats of you wanna go first? for a solid two-and-a-half hours. This obsession with moms is a running theme in the DCEU, and forms the emotional core of Aquaman and Shazam!. BvS was clearly a compromised vision - the ultimate edition that was released a few months later is an infinitely better film, and were it to be ranked on this list instead, it would find itself at a much higher position. Justice League Justice League is the sort of movie that can be excruciatingly dumb at any given moment; with forced jokes that have the hit rate of a drunk stormtrooper, jaw-droppingly inane plotting that often pales in comparison to the original DC animated series, but it can also make a houseful crowd of excited fans positively palpitate with pure joy. It continued the DC Extended Universes bizarre trend of producing films that are direct reactions to their immediate predecessors. And for all its faults  an ugly third-act show down that looks like a mid-2000s PlayStation 2 video game, Danny Elfmans instantly forgettable (and shamelessly rehashed) musical score, one of the most unimaginative (and cheap-looking) main villains in recent memory  Justice League wasnt as terrible as it could so easily have been. Suicide Squad All it took was one scene. One scene transformed Suicide Squad. It wasnt necessarily the best scene  in fact, in any other movie, it would barely merit a second glance. But for Suicide Squad it was a godsend. It came nestled in the heart of the film - following an hour or so of jarring, time-hopping, clumsy storytelling  and preceding another hour of more of the same. Not only was it the first time our characters resembled real, relatable human beings, it also proved, however briefly and despite what wed seen so far, that Suicide Squad has a heart. It sent our characters, all dressed in their ridiculous costumes, drenched in water and blood, to a bar. No explosions, no fistfights, no Joker - just the quietest member of the Squad, El Diablo (Jay Hernandez), telling a story. Its the scene that cemented the gruffly sentimental relationship between these characters and saved the film. Aquaman James Wans Aquaman actively distanced itself from the heavy metal take on the character that Snyder had originally envisioned. And with more time on his hands, Jason Momoa took Arthur Curry in surprising new directions. It was quite a wonderful big screen experience - Atlantis looked stunning, as did the creatures and Wans affectionate world-building - but it was the earnestness with which the film treated its characters that is its most endearing quality. Man of Steel Without any doubt, my favourite single moment of any DCEU movie comes in Man of Steel. Snyder is clearly someone who understands the iconography of superheroes better than anyone else - that teaser trailer alone was a work of art; the one in which a child put his hands on his hips and the whole world suddenly realised what they were watching. But for a brief second in Man of Steel, Snyder accomplished - in my opinion - what he was going for all this while, a deconstruction of myths, a grounding of gods. Alone and misunderstood, Clark Kent goes from town to town, taking up odd jobs, convinced that his father - Pa Kent - was right; to reveal his powers to this cruel world would only bring trouble. And so he drifts, between dive bars and oil rigs, unsure of himself. We see him walk on a highway, his back to us, the evening sky slowly welcoming darkness. Clark turns around, sees an incoming truck, and sticks out his thumb, hoping for a stranger to show kindness. The truck doesnt stop. And Clark keeps walking to wherever the road will take him. I think about this moment very often. This is Superman. So vulnerable, so alone. No one to help him. And yet, he dedicates his life to helping others. This one moment perfectly captures the flawed brilliance of Snyders DCEU. Birds of Prey Birds of Prey is essentially the story of Harley Quinn emerging from under the Jokers shadow, and the DCEU distancing itself from its past. It has virtually no bearing on the larger series, but as a standalone adventure, its a terrific showcase for Robbies talents as an actor. Its interesting to note how, in the span of just over a decade, the pendulum has swung from Joel Schumachers lurid Batman films to the gritty realism of Christopher Nolans Dark Knight trilogy, and back again. Shazam! Shazam! was an altogether different experience - both in tone and in scope - from previous DCEU entries, and this includes the largely beloved Wonder Woman and the box office smash Aquaman. It was, at the risk of invoking the wrath of fans on both sides, to the DCEU what Thor: Ragnarok and Spider-Man: Homecoming were to the Marvel Cinematic Universe - lighter, less angry, and positively delightful. Under the unlikely direction of Swedish filmmaker David F Sandberg, Shazam! was as magical as its title suggested; heartfelt, humorous and burdened by none of the hubris of Batman v Superman and Man of Steel. Wonder Woman Wonder Woman is the sort of movie that makes you forgive things it got wrong solely on the strength of everything it got right. And it got a lot of things right. It was the first film in the DC Extended Universe that was worthy of its iconic character, and it did what both Batman and Superman couldnt do: It gave us hope for whats to come. It was still crippled by the influence of Zack Snyder in its CGI slugfest of a final act - an annoying trend that for some reason James Wan chose to honour in Aquaman - but it was so much more than just a great film. Wonder Woman was perhaps the defining superhero movie of a post-Trump era - what Christopher Nolans Dark Knight trilogy was to a post-9/11 world. Its an earnest film, which often feels too pure for this horrid world. And that no mans land sequence is right up there with The Masters dont blink scene as one of the greatest of the decade. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 08, 2020 08:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/malang-box-office-day-1-disha-aditya-film-records-3rd-best-opening-of-2020-at-rs-6-cr-shikara-collects-rs-75-lakh/story-tA3awst5o2XfOLjr7eiRnM.html</url>
<title>Malang box office day 1: Disha-Aditya film records 3rd best opening of 2020 at Rs 6.71 cr, Shikara collects Rs 1.20 cr</title>
<body >Malang, starring Disha Patani and Aditya Roy Kapur in lead roles, opened as per expectations at the box office on Friday. The film also stars Anil Kapoor and Kunal Kemmu in pivotal roles. The film earned Rs 6.71 crore on day one. This is the third-best opening of the year for a Bollywood film after Ajay Devgns Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior which had opened at Rs 15.10 crore and Street Dancer 3D which had collected Rs 10.26 crore on the day of its release. It is also the highest opening solo film for Aditya. The film is expected to show growth during the weekend but may have restricted growth on Saturday in Delhi as the capital goes to elections. Sharing the day-one collections of the film, film trade analyst Taran Adarsh wrote on Twitter, Malang is decent on Day 1... Shouldve grossed higher given its genre... National multiplexes contribute 50%+ of Day 1 biz... Mass circuits low... Needs to show more than normal jump on Day 2, though biz in Delhi will be limited... Fri Rs 6.71 cr. India biz. #Malang is decent on Day 1... Shouldve grossed higher given its genre... National multiplexes contribute 50%+ of Day 1 biz... Mass circuits low... Needs to show more than normal jump on Day 2, though biz in #Delhi will be limited... Fri  6.71 cr. #India biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) February 8, 2020 #Malang is decent on Day 1... Shouldve grossed higher given its genre... National multiplexes contribute 50%+ of Day 1 biz... Mass circuits low... Needs to show more than normal jump on Day 2, though biz in #Delhi will be limited... Fri  6.71 cr. #India biz. He also compared the films opening to Adityas earlier films and wrote,AdityaRoyKapur versus #AdityaRoyKapur... *Day 1* biz...2013: Aashiqui2 Rs 6.25 cr. 2014: Daawat-E-Ishq Rs 3.72 cr. 2016: Fitoor Rs 3.61 cr. 2017: Ok Jaanu Rs 4.08 cr. 2020: Malang Rs 6.71 cr. Note: Solo hero films only. Hence, YJHD and Kalank not included.India biz. #AdityaRoyKapur versus #AdityaRoyKapur... *Day 1* biz...2013: #Aashiqui2  6.25 cr2014: #DaawatEIshq  3.72 cr2016: #Fitoor  3.61 cr2017: #OkJaanu  4.08 cr2020: #Malang  6.71 crNote: Solo hero films only. Hence, #YJHD and #Kalank not included.#India biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) February 8, 2020 #AdityaRoyKapur versus #AdityaRoyKapur... *Day 1* biz...2013: #Aashiqui2  6.25 cr2014: #DaawatEIshq  3.72 cr2016: #Fitoor  3.61 cr2017: #OkJaanu  4.08 cr2020: #Malang  6.71 crNote: Solo hero films only. Hence, #YJHD and #Kalank not included.#India biz. Earlier, trade analyst Girish Johar had told Hindustan Times that the film has a restricted appeal to the audience. It will mainly be attracting tier 1 and tier 2 cities. The trailer is very intriguing and has a restricted appeal to the audience, unlike other Mohit Suri films in the past. It will appeal to certain kind of audiences in the metro cities only. It is not an all out masala entertainer or commercial film. However, the film couldnt impress the critics. The HT review of the film read, Thirty minutes into the film and you can easily predict what is going to happen next. The non-linear narrative doesnt do any good either because the time span being covered is only five years so you cant really make out if the characters are in the present day or not. Also read: After Birds of Prey, a definitive ranking of the DC Extended Universe films The Mohit Suri film released alongside Vidhu Vinod Chopras Shikara and Hollywood film Birds of Prey. The report states Shikara collected Rs 1.20 crore on day one. Birds of Prey, meanwhile, got positive reviews with the HT review of the film calling it a vibrantly violent DCEU gem. #Shikara surprises on Day 1... Released at multiplexes mainly, the biz gathered momentum post noon shows [a norm nowadays]... Needs to double its Day 1 number on Day 2 and maintain the trend on Day 3 for a respectable weekend total... Fri  1.20 cr. #India biz. taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) February 8, 2020 #Shikara surprises on Day 1... Released at multiplexes mainly, the biz gathered momentum post noon shows [a norm nowadays]... Needs to double its Day 1 number on Day 2 and maintain the trend on Day 3 for a respectable weekend total... Fri  1.20 cr. #India biz. Sharing the opening day collections of Shikara, Taran wrote on Twitter, Shikara surprises on Day 1... Released at multiplexes mainly, the biz gathered momentum post noon shows [a norm nowadays]... Needs to double its Day 1 number on Day 2 and maintain the trend on Day 3 for a respectable weekend total... Fri Rs 1.20 cr. India biz. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 08, 2020 12:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-vishal-aditya-singh-denies-ex-madhurima-tuli-s-claim-that-he-hit-her-says-everyone-has-seen-her-true-nature/story-AX8fCXkEKP2m29jxhRMHCM.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13: Vishal Aditya Singh denies ex Madhurima Tulis claim that he hit her, says everyone has seen her true nature</title>
<body >Exes Vishal Aditya Singh and Madhurima Tuli were constantly at loggerheads with each other inside the Bigg Boss 13 house. After being thrown out of the show for losing her cool and attacking Vishal with a frying pan, Madhurima claimed in an interview that he hit her various times but she always forgave him. Vishal, after his exit from Bigg Boss 13, has categorically denied Madhurimas allegations. In an interview with Bombay Times, he said, If that was true, she would have said it earlier. I have never done that. Maine life mein kabhi bhi unke upar haath nahi uthaya hai (I have never raised my hand on her). Our relationship ended because she was abusive and violent. If you look at her Bigg Boss journey, she has been aggressive and irritated towards everyone, especially when it came to work. There were many instances when I helped her, and she fought with me over it. Everyone has seen her true nature on TV, so what more can I say about it? he added. Madhurima had earlier said that though Vishal occasionally raised his hand on her, she forgave him every time as she was in love with him. She also said that she was still in love with him when she entered Bigg Boss 13 but he gave her false hopes. Also read |Bigg Boss 13: John Cena shares Asim Riazs pic, fans say only a winner in life can identify the true winner When asked if Madhurimas violent outburst was a result of his constant provocation, Vishal told the newspaper, Not at all. I retaliated only when she treated me badly, insulted me or abused me. Given our past, I wasnt ready to meet her again on the show because I knew that if Madhurima entered the house, we would have fights. She would get aggressive, hit me and, like always, I would take it quietly, which is exactly what happened. Vishal said that he was still in love with Madhurima when he came on Bigg Boss 13, even though he believed that she had moved on. However, there were no feelings left anymore. I wont call our relationship a mistake, but we were two incompatible people trying to be together. We were wrong for each other, he said. According to Vishal, all other contestants including Sidharth Shukla-Shehnaaz Gill, Rashami Desai-Sidharth Shukla and Paras Chhabra-Mahira Sharma, made a tamasha (spectacle) of their relationships on national television. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 06, 2020 09:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/riteish-deshmukh-s-son-5-thinks-mahatma-gandhi-wore-spectacles-due-to-watching-tv-twitter-can-t-stop-laughing/story-UCq7bVd9XEU0EdVW6qWGnK.html</url>
<title>Riteish Deshmukhs son, 5, thinks Mahatma Gandhi wore spectacles as he watched TV. Twitter cant stop laughing</title>
<body >Riteish Deshmukh sat for a chat with his young sons Riaan and Rahyl on the occasion of Mahatma Gandhis death anniversary on Thursday and the video emerged as one of the best thing on the internet. The actor posted a glimpse of the conversation on social media in which his son can be seen commenting on why the Father of the Nation wore spectacles. He captioned it, Riaan  Rahyl discussing #MahatmaGandhi ji with me. Gandhijis core values will be relevant across generations. In the video, the five-year-old Riaan is seen talking about Gandhis eyesight and says, Gandhi ji wearing specs because he looks next to the TV. When Riteish asks him, How do you look at the TV?, he replies, close by. On being asked if that was the reason Gandhi wore specs, he said, Ya. Riaan  Rahyl discussing #MahatmaGandhi ji with me. Gandhijis core values will be relevant across generations. @geneliad pic.twitter.com/kUkIsNZNaE Riteish Deshmukh (@Riteishd) January 30, 2020 Riaan  Rahyl discussing #MahatmaGandhi ji with me. Gandhijis core values will be relevant across generations. @geneliad pic.twitter.com/kUkIsNZNaE Riteish also asked Riaan what would he tell Gandhi when he meets him. To this, he replied, Gandhiji is in the sky so I cant meet him. The actor again asked him, Gandhi ji is a great, great, great man, do you know that? And the little one innocently replied, No and added, Gandhi ji is very big, he is bigger than all of us. He is bigger than Baba and he is bigger than Aajoba. Riteish agreed with him and said, Baba is very, very small compared to Gandhiji. Baba and Aajoba refers to grandfather and grandmother in Marathi. Riteishs late father and the kids grandfather Vilasrao Deshmukh was the chief minister of Maharashtra and is survived by wife Vaishali Dekhmukh. Riteish is married to actor Genelia DSouza. Riteishs fans loved the video and praised him for incurring good values in his kids. Many of them called it, adorale and cute. A fan wrote, This is called Sanskar. Another wrote, we need to educate our child like @Riteishd is doing give love to this two lovely kid. One more commented to the video, very cute...!!! It Feels nice by hearing words BABA, AND AJOBA.... Another comment read, So Sweet!!! Aajoba , aaji, aai, baba, everyone and we all are followers of #gandhiji. God bless both of you. lso read: Saif Ali Khans Jawaani Jaaneman to open at around Rs 4.5 cr, can run parallel to his highest grosser Tanhaji Riteish is riding high on the commercial success of multi-starrer comedy Housefull 4, which went on to collect Rs 194.60 crore at the domestic box office. He was last seen as a dwarf and the antagonist in Sidharth Malhotra starrer Marjaavaan. It collected Rs 47 crore, domestically. He will now be seen in Tiger Shroffs Baaghi 3. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 30, 2020 15:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/genelia-d-souza-wishes-riteish-deshmukh-on-his-birthday-with-family-photo-says-i-m-always-in-the-mood-for-you/story-4cY6oDjJizyMDP9bwmmIuO.html</url>
<title>Genelia DSouza wishes Riteish Deshmukh on his birthday with family photo, says Im always in the mood for you</title>
<body >As Riteish Deshmukh turned 41 on Tuesday, his wife Genelia DSouza wished him in the most adorable way on Twitter. She shared a family picture, featuring their sons Rahyl and Riaan. The three of them were seen kissing him in the cute click. Dear Forever Mine, Il say the same thing to you now, that Il say to you when you turn 100 - You are my today and all of my tomorrows. Happy Birthday Love. Forever yours. Ps- Im always in the mood for you, she wrote. Dear Forever MineIl say the same thing to you now, that Il say to you when you turn 100 -You are my today and all of my tomorrows Happy Birthday Love Forever yours Ps- Im always in the mood for you  pic.twitter.com/RLFWSUzvdE Genelia Deshmukh (@geneliad) December 17, 2019 Dear Forever MineIl say the same thing to you now, that Il say to you when you turn 100 -You are my today and all of my tomorrows Happy Birthday Love Forever yours Ps- Im always in the mood for you  pic.twitter.com/RLFWSUzvdE Several Bollywood celebrities also wished Riteish on social media. Anil Kapoor shared a picture of the Grand Masti actor with his sons and wrote, Happy Birthday, @Riteishd! You have the kindest heart, someone like you is hard to find! May your year be filled with love, happiness  all that you wish for! Happy Birthday, @Riteishd! You have the kindest heart, someone like you is hard to find! May your year be filled with love, happiness  all that you wish for! pic.twitter.com/qNNlkqNPdo Anil Kapoor (@AnilKapoor) December 17, 2019 Happy Birthday, @Riteishd! You have the kindest heart, someone like you is hard to find! May your year be filled with love, happiness  all that you wish for! pic.twitter.com/qNNlkqNPdo Dia Mirza shared a picture with him and wrote, Happy birthday @Riteishd. ONE human being who is ever constant, ever consistent, in his generosity of time, care and love. Thank you for being the wonderful human being that you are. Love you. Have a blessed year ahead. Happy birthday @Riteishd  ONE human being who is ever constant, ever consistent, in his generosity of time, care and love. Thank you for being the wonderful human being that you are. Love you. Have a blessed year ahead  pic.twitter.com/94mvm2nsdi Dia Mirza (@deespeak) December 17, 2019 Happy birthday @Riteishd  ONE human being who is ever constant, ever consistent, in his generosity of time, care and love. Thank you for being the wonderful human being that you are. Love you. Have a blessed year ahead  pic.twitter.com/94mvm2nsdi Happy birthday @Riteishd. Stay happy and blessed always. Big hug, Bipasha Basu wrote. Neil Nitin Mukesh also wished Riteish and wrote, @Riteishd Happy Borthday dearest brother. Loads of love and blessings to you always. Happy birthday @Riteishd Stay happy and blessed always Big hug  Bipasha Basu (@bipsluvurself) December 17, 2019 Happy birthday @Riteishd Stay happy and blessed always Big hug  @Riteishd Happy Borthday dearest brother. Loads of love and blessings to you always.  Neil Nitin Mukesh (@NeilNMukesh) December 17, 2019 @Riteishd Happy Borthday dearest brother. Loads of love and blessings to you always.  Aftab Shivdasani shared a picture with Riteish and Vivek Oberoi and wrote, Happy happy birthday my dearest @Riteishd, may your birthday be as pretty as this picture. Lots of love. Happy happy birthday my dearest @Riteishd , may your birthday be as pretty as this picture Lots of love. pic.twitter.com/7rMZe6trRa Aftab Shivdasani (@AftabShivdasani) December 17, 2019 Happy happy birthday my dearest @Riteishd , may your birthday be as pretty as this picture Lots of love. pic.twitter.com/7rMZe6trRa Ritesh and Genelia fell in love during the making of their debut film, Tujhe Meri Kasam, which released in 2003. After being in a relationship for more than eight years, they tied the knot on February 3, 2012. Our first date : took @geneliad to watch #KabhiKhushiKabhieGham - #SurajHuaMaddham was our relationship song. @karanjohar https://t.co/RMEePhDlNP Riteish Deshmukh (@Riteishd) December 14, 2019 Our first date : took @geneliad to watch #KabhiKhushiKabhieGham - #SurajHuaMaddham was our relationship song. @karanjohar https://t.co/RMEePhDlNP In a recent tweet, Riteish revealed that for their first date, he took Genelia to watch Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham. He made this revelation as the film completed 18 years and wrote, Our first date : took @geneliad to watch #KabhiKhushiKabhieGham - #SurajHuaMaddham was our relationship song. @karanjohar. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 17, 2019 14:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/tiger-shroff-s-baaghi-3-wraps-up-shraddha-kapoor-calls-team-beautiful-loving-see-pic/story-tYkzvfldSVWuCRN73WOyII.html</url>
<title>Tiger Shroffs Baaghi 3 wraps up, Shraddha Kapoor calls team beautiful  loving. See pic</title>
<body >Actors Tiger Shroff and Shraddha Kapoor-starrer Baaghi 3 has completed its shoot. Shraddha shared a picture after last days shoot and wrote a note of thanks for her team. She said, Last day on #BAAGHI3 What an amazing time with such a beautiful  loving team. Have had such an incredible time @nadiadwalagrandson @wardakhannadiadwala @khan_ahmedasas @shairaahmedkhan @tigerjackieshroff @riteishd @lokhandeankita. In the picture, Tiger,Shraddha, Riteish Deshmukh, director Ahmed Khan and the rest of the crew can be seen cutting a cake. There are as many as six cakes on the table. View this post on Instagram           Last day on #BAAGHI3 What an amazing time with such a beautiful  loving team. Have had such an incredible time  @nadiadwalagrandson @wardakhannadiadwala @khan_ahmedasas @shairaahmedkhan @tigerjackieshroff @riteishd @lokhandeankita A post shared by  Shraddha (@shraddhakapoor) on Jan 30, 2020 at 1:58am PST Last day on #BAAGHI3 What an amazing time with such a beautiful  loving team. Have had such an incredible time  @nadiadwalagrandson @wardakhannadiadwala @khan_ahmedasas @shairaahmedkhan @tigerjackieshroff @riteishd @lokhandeankita A post shared by  Shraddha (@shraddhakapoor) on Jan 30, 2020 at 1:58am PST The film will also see Tiger Shroffs actor father Jackie, the makers announced on January 23.  In the third instalment of action drama, Jackie will play the on-screen father of Tiger and his co-star Riteish Deshmukhs characters. In a cameo appearance, the 62-year-old actor will essay the role of a police inspector, producer Sajid Nadiadwala had said. Also read: Wendell Rodricks on Priyanka Chopras Grammy dress: There is an age to wear some clothes; Twitter hits back Everyone has been waiting to see Tiger team up with his Hero father Jackie since we launched him. There have been plenty of speculations and no one has been able to bring them together in the last six years as the duo was categorical they would only share the screen when a film and role merited their presence.Ahmed and I feel the story line required Jackie to be a part of them film and I believe our visions matched to understand how its a pivotal role in the film, Nadiadwala said in a statement. The producer said having Jackie on board will add to the films expectations. ... I am confident no one will be disappointed by this double dose of Shroffs and will stand as a strong USP, Nadiadwala added. Also starring Ankita Lokhande and Chunky Pandey, Baaghi 3 is scheduled to release on March 6. (With PTI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 30, 2020 17:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/troll-slams-superficial-milind-soman-for-promoting-his-good-looks-gets-classy-reply/story-lvRkGsE3Ux8YA7nizN2aWL.html</url>
<title>Troll slams superficial Milind Soman for promoting his good looks, gets classy reply</title>
<body >Milind Soman treated his Instagram followers to a stunning picture of himself taken three decades ago, in 1990, and said that it seemed like a lifetime away. While compliments poured in from many, one user was left unimpressed. The Instagram user called Milind silly and superficial and said that his posts gave the impression that being visually appealing was a necessity for survival. I really hope u have more to offer than always promoting your looks. Its silly and superficial and makes people feel that in order to survive this real world they need to only be visually appealing. I only say this because u only post a face of yourself and then enjoy people complimenting u its a bit dumb, his comment read. However, Milind was unfazed by the criticism directed at him and only replied, @shaunnty34 perhaps you should read and think, then you might not feel so bad. View this post on Instagram           Its Monday, what can I say ? 1990, when this picture was taken, seems a lifetime away! .. what is the biggest change that you have heard of or experienced in the last 30 years ? . . . #MondayMood A post shared by  Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on May 3, 2020 at 10:54pm PDT Its Monday, what can I say ? 1990, when this picture was taken, seems a lifetime away! .. what is the biggest change that you have heard of or experienced in the last 30 years ? . . . #MondayMood A post shared by  Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on May 3, 2020 at 10:54pm PDT Milind had used the throwback picture to ask his fans about a major change in their lives or the world. Its Monday, what can I say ? 1990, when this picture was taken, seems a lifetime away! .. what is the biggest change that you have heard of or experienced in the last 30 years ? #MondayMood, his caption read. Also see: Sidharth Shukla has eyes only for Shehnaaz Gill in romantic behind-the-scenes video from Bhula Dunga, fans shower love Fans also defended Milind. One Instagram user wrote, @shaunnty34 I guess you missed the message here! If someone has been true, natural and never shied away from accepting ageing gracefully its @milindrunning. The purpose of this photo is nothing to do with vanity but to revisit memories and give people a glimpse of the time hes lived. I dont know whats wrong with people! It doesnt even take people a second before they look at things in a negative way. Also, despite being a fashion icon in the 90s, the Adonis of India and a supermodel, hes never hidden his greys or wrinkles. Unlike most actors who colour their hair and opt for face lifts, @milindrunning has always been real. Besides, you should be glad hes shown you the way to attain fitness and look younger! Milind was last seen playing a gynaecologist named Dr Aamir Warsi in the second season of the web series Four More Shots Please!, which came out last month. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 05, 2020 17:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/milind-soman-on-one-change-he-brought-in-his-life-after-marrying-ankita-konwar-i-discuss-every-little-tiny-thing/story-aAUhdDJsUxY0laEjyjGs8K.html</url>
<title>Milind Soman on one change he brought in his life after marrying Ankita Konwar: I discuss every little tiny thing</title>
<body >Milind Soman and wife Ankita Konwar have been married for two years. The couple chose to begin the third year of their marriage by climbing 300 floors as their plans for an international vacation stood cancelled amid lockdown. Milind has now revealed the one thing that changed in his life after marrying Ankita in 2018. The actor told Pinkvilla in an interview, The biggest thing is that earlier I never asked anyone in my life, whether I should do this or that, or how will anyone react if I did something, not my family, even my mother, or even discuss with anyone, nothing, I was never that person. But now of course with Ankita, I discuss everything single tiny thing. That is the big change, it is not just you anymore, there is another person who is very important. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Apr 22, 2020 at 2:16am PDT A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Apr 22, 2020 at 2:16am PDT The couple continue to inspire their fans with their fitness routines and how they never gave weightage to their age gap. Milind had wished Ankita on their wedding anniversary by sharing a picture from their Assamese-Marathi wedding ceremony. He wrote, My day lights up when you smile, and I will do all I can to keep it that way. Its 2 happy years today, so happy earth day @ankita_earthy .. p.s thats the only day I remember in the last 6 years that you were ready before me. ..meri aankhon ne chuna hain tujhko.. dont know why I thought of that one. She had replied to the post, I love you with all of me! Also read: Vicky Kaushal shares poem by fan, it traces his journey from refusing job offer to featuring in Uri. See here Ankita shared a collage of then and now pics from their wedding and the present day. She wrote, This day, 2 years back I vowed to be with you and be your partner in everything. So today when you asked if I would climb 300 floors with you to celebrate the beginning of the 3rd year of our marriage, I of course said yes. I was surprised that I could do it with such ease. Although this day was supposed to be spent sipping a fruity drink somewhere far away in the middle of the Indian ocean, this right here doesnt seem bad either. Eating home cooked meal and drinking kokum sherbet is fantastic too. In short, everything and everywhere is beautiful with you. Weve got this, as long as we have each other. Love you with all of me, my love. #happyweddinganniversary #happyearthday #love #livetoinspire #foreveryouandi #theultrahusband. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 24, 2020 09:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/bhumi-pednekar-calls-amitabh-bachchan-baller-he-asks-if-it-means-woh-jo-ball-phenkta-hai/story-zWf13MGpjBQXLmPLrHKNLO.html</url>
<title>Bhumi Pednekar calls Amitabh Bachchan baller, he asks if it means woh jo ball phenkta hai</title>
<body >When Amitabh Bachchan recently shared a workout selfie with his grandson Agastya Nanda, many were left marvelling over his fitness, even at the age of 75. Bhumi Pednekar also dropped a comment on his Instagram post and called him a baller. However, it was his funny response to the compliment that had netizens in splits. Youre a baller, sir, Bhumi wrote, to which Amitabh replied@bhumipednekar eh? Whats a baller woh jo ball phenkta hai (the one who throws the ball)!!! Sir, you are just the BEST, one Instagram user wrote. Another commented, @amitabhbachchan but thats the bowler. Both comments were followed by laughing emojis. Some took it upon themselves to explain the meaning of baller to him -- extremely good or impressive. Amitabh and Bhumi were a part of the recent I for India concert, an online concert featuring Bollywood stars as well as international names, to raise funds towards coronavirus relief. The initiative by Karan Johar and Zoya Akhtar raised a total of Rs 52 crore. Also see: Kuch Kuch Hota Hai fans cant keep calm as Archana Puran Singh aka Miss Braganza shares message for Anupam Khers Malhotra Apart from this, Amitabh was also a part of a unique short film titled Family, which saw the biggest names from different film industries come together. The film also starred Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, Priyanka Chopra and Diljit Dosanjh from Hindi cinema, Rajinikanth from Tamil cinema, Mohanlal and Mammootty from Malayalam cinema, Chiranjeevi from Telugu cinema, Shiva Rajkumar from Kannada cinema, Prosenjit Chatterjee from Bengali cinema and Sonalee Kulkarni from Marathi cinema. Each portion was shot in the actors respective houses. With the coronavirus-induced nationwide lockdown, Amitabh has suspended his weekly ritual of meeting fans gathered outside his bungalow in Mumbai every Sunday. In a recent blog post, he said that his Sundays were no longer the same. The Sunday does not mean the same as before. Waiting for the time to arrive, the security in place, that familiar sound of the step board being dragged into position, that familiar scream of the well wishers at the gate as each domestic entrant enters and leaves premises... of the knowing that he comes, he wrote. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 16:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/mandana-karimi-accuses-kya-kool-hain-hum-3-director-umesh-ghadge-of-on-set-harassment/story-UAwFfEMdAz8t7l1EB8OBmN.html</url>
<title>Mandana Karimi accuses Kya Kool Hain Hum 3 director Umesh Ghadge of on-set harassment</title>
<body >Iranian actor Mandana Karimi, known for her stint on popular reality show Bigg Boss, has accused her Kya Kool Hain Hum 3 director Umesh Ghadge of harassment. Mandana made the accusations at a press conference, amid the Indian #MeToo movement. An experience led me to leave my profession which I loved. Harassment doesnt mean to touch me, it means to make my life hell. I was too miserable. I didnt talk to anybody about it. It was my Kya Kool Hain Hum 3 director. His name is Umesh, Mandana said, according to ANI. Umesh Ghadge started harassing me by changing the steps in the song,putting other people in the song saying this is last minute decision. Calling me early on set, asking me to wear clothes that I was not even supposed to wear, keeping me waiting: Mandana Karimi on #Metoo pic.twitter.com/eucTEAscJQ ANI (@ANI) October 12, 2018 Umesh Ghadge started harassing me by changing the steps in the song,putting other people in the song saying this is last minute decision. Calling me early on set, asking me to wear clothes that I was not even supposed to wear, keeping me waiting: Mandana Karimi on #Metoo pic.twitter.com/eucTEAscJQ She provided details of her experience, which included last minute changes to dance steps, early call times, and demands for her to wear clothes she wasnt supposed to wear. In a recent interview to Times Now, Mandana had said, I have personally experienced this and I have been called a drama queen and someone with too much attitude. Even to the extent of someone saying that Im not from here and this is how things work in India. It reached a point where I decided to just keep my mouth shut and my thoughts to myself and accept the fact that women have no voice. And if they do say something then there are consequences for what they say. Several women have come forward in recent days with stories of sexual harassment. Industry figures such as directors Vikas Bahl, Sajid Khan, Rajat Kapoor and Subhash Ghai have been accused of sexual misconduct. Action against Bahl and Sajid has already been initiated, with actor Hrithik Roshan saying that he will not work with Bahl on Super 30 were the accusations to be proven true and Akshay Kumar shutting down production of Sajids Housefull 4, pending investigations. The Indian MeToo movement began with actor Tanushree Dutta alleging actor Nana Patekar misbehaved with her on the sets of 2008s Horn OK Pleassss. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Oct 12, 2018 19:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nafisa-ali-stuck-in-goa-without-ration-and-medicines-reveals-her-niece-has-tested-positive-for-covid-19-in-bengaluru/story-XItQp9RToo73D0iKa10GTL.html</url>
<title>Nafisa Ali stuck in Goa without ration and medicines, reveals her niece has tested positive for Covid-19 in Bengaluru</title>
<body >The lockdown situation in the country amid the Covid-19 pandemic has hit hard throwing daily life off the gear. Actor Nafisa Ali Sodhi, who is currently in Goa, has also been impacted massively by the situation and reveals that she doesnt have access to basic food and medicines. Sharing her plight the 63-year-old tells us, The groceries shops are shut for the last six days. Im a cancer survivor; I need to eat proper food. Ive been eating just dry ration for the past many days  there are no vegetable, no fruits.Were so cut off. Im in Morjim and people here are having a terrible time. Its only in Panjim that the situation is fine. My heart goes out to everyone. Sodhi says she and her daughters family only had plans to stay here for 10 days when they arrived early this month from Delhi but had to extend the trip because of the lockdown. And now the situation has left her in a soup and she has almost run out of her medicines. My grandchildrens schools were shut so my daughter was anyway scared for my health and so she asked me to come to Goa. And then there was the lockdown and everything is shut here. All my medicines are finishing. The courier services are not working so I cant have them delivered from elsewhere. So what option so I have now? Im not taking any medicines, which is not good for my health, she says, adding that those medicines arent available in local medicine shops in Morjim and she cant even go to Panjim to get it. Also read: While she and her family are safe, Sodhi also shares how her niece, Diya Naidu, a dancer, has been tested positive for Covid-19 in Bangalore. She came back from Switzerland and got herself checked and it was positive. She was in the hospital and has now recovered completely. The recovery rate is very good but people have to get the treatment, and for that they need to be tested. Its very important and thats how we can beat this, she explains. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 02, 2020 10:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/milind-soman-goes-out-for-groceries-amid-lockdown-says-never-seen-such-orderly-queues-civic-mindedness-see-pics/story-YAgBgq1b457Y8UoM5gEDfJ.html</url>
<title>Milind Soman goes out for groceries amid lockdown, says never seen such orderly queues, civic mindedness. See pics</title>
<body >Milind Soman has shared his experience from his first outing for grocery shopping amid lockdown and the actor looks impressed with the sense of civic mindedness among vendors as well as the customers. He said it seems like the beginning of a big change -- a new social order which will take over the world in the coming years. He shared a selfie as he covered himself up in a hoodie and wore a mask, along with a few pictures of empty streets. Sharing his experience from his recent outing, he said, Went out to the market for the first time yesterday. No cars. People in masks. Very very quiet. Feel fortunate to get a few fresh vegetables that were available just a few hundred meters from home. In the situation we are in today, so many people have so much less. When I read about whole families walking back 100s of kilometers from cities to their villages, with little or no food and water, I know that I have a lot to be grateful for. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Apr 1, 2020 at 12:48am PDT A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Apr 1, 2020 at 12:48am PDT He looked impressed with the preventive measures taken up by vendors and wrote further, Things in the market were well organized, the few people on the street were maintaining distance from each other outside shops and in front of the few vegetable and fruit vendors. I have never seen such orderly queues, or the kind of civic mindedness that I see today. It seems like the beginning of a big change, perhaps we will see a new social order in the years to come, different in ways that we cannot imagine. #betterhabits4betterlife #stayhealthy #stayhappy #keepmoving #neverstop #love. Also read: Sara Ali Khan shares video from Odissi dance class, fan asks Is there anything you cant do? Watch View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Mar 25, 2020 at 3:33am PDT A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Mar 25, 2020 at 3:33am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Mar 29, 2020 at 2:28am PDT A post shared by Milind Usha Soman (@milindrunning) on Mar 29, 2020 at 2:28am PDT Milind and wife Ankita are fitness enthusiasts and often share glimpse from their long running sessions and home workouts. Sharing how he has been keeping fit while staying indoors, Milind had recently shared a video as he climbed stairs in his building to keep fit. He wrote in caption, 4th day of stairclimbing ! Started with 45min and today 85min, so the going is good...did about 200 floors, which is about 4000 stairs...my mother climbed 30 floors and @ankita_earthy climbed for 85min! #fitfamily. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 02, 2020 10:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-provides-ration-to-daily-wage-workers-fans-call-him-true-hero/story-4gUCMrqgXoApWfd8sHY58N.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan provides ration to daily wage workers after financially helping 25,000. Fans call him true hero</title>
<body >Actor Salman Khan is doing his bit to ensure that daily wage workers affected by the coronavirus pandemic do not go hungry. The actors close friend and politician Baba Siddique revealed that he is providing rations to the daily wage workers whose livelihoods have been affected due to the lockdown. Thank you @beingsalmankhan @tweetbeinghuman for your generous contribution towards the daily wage workers. You are always one step ahead of everybody when it comes to helping people and you have proved that yet again, Siddique wrote on Twitter, sharing pictures of a godown and trucks filled with supplies. In another tweet, he wrote, Thank you @BeingSalmanKhan @tweetbeinghuman for joining us in our fight against #CoronaVirus and making sure no one sleeps hungry! Thank you @BeingSalmanKhan @tweetbeinghuman for joining us in our fight against #CoronaVirus and making sure no one sleeps hungry! (2/2) Baba Siddique (@BabaSiddique) April 10, 2020 Thank you @BeingSalmanKhan @tweetbeinghuman for joining us in our fight against #CoronaVirus and making sure no one sleeps hungry! (2/2) Fans lauded Salman for silently helping daily wage workers and called him a true hero. Check out some of the tweets: More reason to love Salman bhai  Salmania (@Salmani11368164) April 10, 2020 More reason to love Salman bhai  Proud to be Bhaijaan Fan  pic.twitter.com/tIhJZRIkDH Amit Lalwani (@AmitLalwani) April 10, 2020 Proud to be Bhaijaan Fan  pic.twitter.com/tIhJZRIkDH True hero never showoff Devil Pasha  (@BeingDevilPasha) April 10, 2020 True hero never showoff Slmn Bhai ki Tarah koi Actor Nhi Tiger Abhi Zinda Hai.. (@TIGER_SALMANs) April 10, 2020 Slmn Bhai ki Tarah koi Actor Nhi Proud of you Bhaijaan  Devil Pasha  (@BeingDevilPasha) April 10, 2020 Proud of you Bhaijaan  Last month, Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) president BN Tiwari said that Salman would monetarily help 25,000 daily wage workers of the film industry through his charitable organisation Being Human Foundation. Salmans Being Human Foundation has come forward to help daily wage workers. They called us three days ago. We have about 5 lakh workers out of which 25,000 are in dire need of financial help. Being Human Foundation said they will take care of these workers on their own. They have asked for account details of these 25,000 workers as they want to ensure that money reaches them directly, Tiwari told PTI. Also read |Sunny Leone: First thing I want to do after lockdown is drop my kids off to school and have a breather Meanwhile, Salmans family has been arranging meals for their entire building as well as his security guards. His other employees needs are also being taken care of. Currently, Salman is isolating himself at his Panvel farmhouse with his nephew Nirvaan (son of actor Sohail Khan), while the rest of his family is at their Galaxy Apartments residence in Mumbai. I havent seen my father for three weeks, Nirvaan hasnt seen his father for three weeks. We are scared and we are saying it with full bravery, Salman said in a video shared on Instagram recently, urging fans to practice social distancing, as it is the only way to control the spread of the coronavirus. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 10, 2020 20:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-eats-horse-food-during-lockdown-seems-to-enjoy-it-it-s-damn-good/story-MJlYkioCRARuf9RKhmyAWO.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan eats horse food during lockdown, seems to enjoy it: Its damn good</title>
<body >Actor Salman Khan has shared a new video of himself eating horse food, and seemingly enjoying it. The actor, who is isolating himself at his Panvel farmhouse, took to Instagram to share the video on Friday. He captioned it, Breakfast with my love... In the video, Salman, who is wearing his trademark T-shirt and jeans combo, chews on strands of grass, and feeds some to his horse. Its damn good, he can be heard saying. View this post on Instagram           Breakfast with my love... A post shared by  Salman Khan (@beingsalmankhan) on Apr 9, 2020 at 10:44pm PDT Breakfast with my love... A post shared by  Salman Khan (@beingsalmankhan) on Apr 9, 2020 at 10:44pm PDT The video has over 3.5 million views, and his fans lapped it lapped it up. Love you bhaijaan, one person wrote. Another commented that theyd watch his film, Bajrangi Bhaijaan again. In another video shared on Twitter, Salman could be seen hanging out with his favourite horse, riding it, and kissing its head. Being taken for a ride... pic.twitter.com/Svayb3Mtxv Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) April 10, 2020 Being taken for a ride... pic.twitter.com/Svayb3Mtxv Salman has been sharing regular social media updates during the nationwide lockdown. He recently posted pictures of a mosque and a graveyard, and applauded the publics effort to shut them down. Wah ! Thank u for listening n understanding the gravity of this situation the country is in . God bless n protect each n every 1 . . #IndiaFightsCorona, hed tweeted. Also read: Salman Khan shares a moving Covid-19 video featuring Dabangg 3 actor Saiee Manjrekar, Mahesh Manjrekar. Watch Salman has pledged to financially support 25,000 daily wage workers who have been affected by the 21-day lockdown. The actor started the process of transferring funds into the accounts of daily wage workers of the film industry, the Federation of Western Indian Cine Employees (FWICE) said on Wednesday. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 10, 2020 20:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-celebrates-easter-with-son-taimur-and-husband-saif-ali-khan-her-easter-bunnies-for-life-see-pic/story-ox2WAlqcVShKGf5YFlY9oL.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoor celebrates Easter with son Taimur and husband Saif Ali Khan, her Easter bunnies for life. See pic</title>
<body >Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan are enjoying the sweetest time at home with their toddler, Taimur. On Sunday, Kareena shared the perfect pictures of the father-son duo as they celebrated Easter. Taimur is seen in a cream-coloured night suit while Saif is in his usual, comfortable pair of white kurta pyjamas. They are sitting on the floor and Taimur is seen with bunny make up on his face. He has put on some pink bunny ears and  also some whiskers drawn with a sketch pen. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on Apr 11, 2020 at 11:31pm PDT A post shared by Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on Apr 11, 2020 at 11:31pm PDT My Easter bunnies for life Happy Easter everyone...#StayHome #StaySafe, Kareena captioned her post. Kareenas fans loved the pics. Good Look Good Look and Good Look... Love you my son my baby my everything tim tim baby, wrote a fan. Tim the cutest, wrote another fan. Last week, Kareena posted a throwback photograph of herself at the beach. In the image, Kareena is seen in a red swimsuit and holds a coconut while Taimur is seen playing. Saif looks on at his son. I am not dreaming of beaches... You are! #TakeMeBack, she captioned the image. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on Apr 9, 2020 at 3:29am PDT A post shared by Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on Apr 9, 2020 at 3:29am PDT Also read: Rajeev Khandelwal shares casting couch horror with top director: He asked me to go to his room which I refused Kareena also recently urged citizens to stay at home, after Maharashtra chief minister Uddhav Thackeray announced that the ongoing Covid-19 lockdown would be extended in the state. Taking to Instagram on Saturday evening, Kareena wrote: Now that the lockdown has been extended, the one thing we must do to help overcome this is STAY AT HOME. We need to be strong, now more than ever. Weve come this far... lets not stop! Together with @unicefindia and @unileverdiariesindia, I urge you to #BreakTheChain #WeCanAndWeWill #VirusKiKadiTodo #StayHomeStaySafe #CoronaVirusIndia. Kareena, who was last seen on screen in Angrezi Medium with actor Irrfan Khan, and will next be seen opposite Aamir Khan in Laal Singh Chaddha, which is an official Hindi remake of the Hollywood film Forrest Gump. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 12, 2020 12:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aftab-shivdasani-gets-nostalgic-on-seeing-old-toothpaste-ad-featuring-him-as-a-kid-watch/story-a2wWxg7GLgVv2BAeaZnBCN.html</url>
<title>Aftab Shivdasani gets nostalgic on seeing old toothpaste ad featuring him as a kid. Watch</title>
<body >Did you know that actor Aftab Shivdasanis journey as an actor began much before what most people expect. He was a child actor with an infectious smile and even featured in an ad for a toothpaste in the 90s long with films such as Mr India. A fan of Aftabs shared the video on Twitter which the actor retweeted for his followers. Such nostalgia! Love it, Thank you for it, he tweeted with the video. In it, young Aftab is seen talking to his bar of chocolate about oral health. A fan commented, Omg! Used to be my fav ads those days never knowing its the super hero. Folded handsFolded handsFolded hands. Thanks for reminding sir. Such nostalgia! Love it, Thank you for it.  https://t.co/dAbEHTIE8O Aftab at  (@AftabShivdasani) April 12, 2020 Such nostalgia! Love it, Thank you for it.  https://t.co/dAbEHTIE8O Not just Aftab but other actors such as Shahid Kapoor and Ayesha Takia have also worked as child actors in television commercials. Shahid and Ayesha were the Complan Boy and Girl. Also read: Rajeev Khandelwal shares casting couch horror with top director: He asked me to go to his room which I refused Shivdasani is excited to make his digital debut with the upcoming web series Poison: 2.  Im quite excited to be part of Poison Season 2 as Ive always wanted to play an edgy character and the script of Poison gave me just that. Im also excited to work with ZEE5 as well as director Vishal Pandya who has been a friend for a long time. Also, the webspace is something I havent explored so far so Im happy to explore that too, said Aftab. Poison 2 will also feature Raai Lakshmi, Pooja Chopra, Gautam Gulati and Taher Shabbir. The show streams on the OTT platform ZEE5 from April. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 12, 2020 13:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/actor-bhagyashree-s-husband-himalaya-dasani-arrested-in-connection-with-gambling-racket/story-88GHqWsbqd0ifLidWgh2kO.html</url>
<title>Actor Bhagyashrees husband Himalaya Dasani arrested in connection with gambling racket</title>
<body >Maine Pyar Kiya fame actor Bhagyashree's husband Himalaya Dasani has been arrested in connection with a gambling racket, police said on Wednesday. According to an official from Amboli police station, Dasani was arrested from his residence on Tuesday and he was produced before a local court. After the proceeding, the court granted bail to him. Dasani is a producer and businessman, who had made his debut with Payal movie in 1992. His son, Abhimanyu, made his film debut as an actor with Mard Ko Dard Nahi Hota. Bhagyashree stepped away from the film industry after her big debut. She spoke about her decision in an interview to NDTV and said, Just like I played a role in a movie, the role of a mother was a part of my life but is not defined by it. Today, Im into fitness, nutrition, travelling and if another movie comes along - Ill do it all over again. I dont like that either youre a working woman or a stay at home mom - why cant women be 10 different things... why cant we keep exploring and with every phase, discover a new passion? From actress, to mom, to giving exams on nutrition at this age, Ive loved every feather on my hat...and there will be plenty more to add to it. </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 03, 2019 16:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/katrina-kaif-trolls-arjun-kapoor-for-pensive-pose-in-new-photo-his-response-is-hilarious/story-c2j67yO5imfmjR1PMIT3pJ.html</url>
<title>Katrina Kaif trolls Arjun Kapoor for pensive pose in new photo,  his response is hilarious</title>
<body >Actor Arjun Kapoor was trolled by actor Katrina Kaif after he shared a sultry snap from his new photoshoot on Instagram. The picture features him dressed in a grey T-shirt and denim jacket, pensively gazing into the distance. Katrina made fun of his pose and wrote in the comments section, What happened did u lose something?? Arjun hit back at her with a hilarious response. @katrinakaif I lost ur number!!! Send here na please, he replied. Fans could not stop laughing at the funny exchange between Arjun and Katrina, and many of them encouraged her to listen to him and share her number in the comments. Arjun and Katrina never miss an opportunity to poke fun at each other on Instagram. Last year, when she went on a birthday trip to Mexico, he teased her and commented on one of her pictures, Uve basically gone for a photoshoot. On another picture, in which Katrina was seen posing next to a pillar in a blue swimsuit, Arjun had written, Watch where u goin girl !!! Hope u didnt walk into the pillar while posing. Earlier, on Koffee With Karan, Katrina had revealed that her friendship with Arjun goes back a long way and that she knew him from even before he made his Bollywood debut. She also shared that he and actor Varun Dhawan co-founded an I Hate Katrina Kaif club. Katrina said that Varun started the club after being scolded by her then boyfriend Salman Khan for checking (her) out. I get why Varun started it, but I dont know why Arjun joined, she told host Karan Johar on the show. Also read: Taapsee Pannu says they are trying to change the thought process that says thappad se dar nahi lagta Meanwhile, Katrina will be seen next on the big screen in Rohit Shettys cop drama Sooryavanshi, opposite Akshay Kumar, who will be seen in the titular role. The film will also feature Ajay Devgn and Ranveer Singh in cameo appearances. Arjun, on the other hand, has been busy shooting for Kaashvie Nairs film, which is reportedly titled Chale Chalo. He will be seen alongside Rakul Preet Singh in the film. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 27, 2020 14:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/rashami-desai-claims-ex-arhaan-khan-used-her-emotionally-says-she-did-bigg-boss-13-to-give-his-career-a-boost/story-OpmTmMe0aCz0NOdaUY78KN.html</url>
<title>Rashami Desai claims ex Arhaan Khan used her emotionally, says she did Bigg Boss 13 to give his career a boost</title>
<body >Bigg Boss 13 finalist and television actor Rashami Desais relationship with ex-boyfriend and actor Arhaan Khan became one of the major talking points on the show. She was taken by surprise when it was revealed to her that he was not only married earlier, but also had a child. Meanwhile, he had claimed that she had zero balance in her account and was on the road when he met her. In an interview with The Times Of India, Rashami said that she found Arhaans claims that he rescued her from bankruptcy quite funny. She said, On the show, he once said that unhone mujhe sadak par se uthaya hai. It was quite funny. Yes, there was a time when I didnt have a house and was going through financial troubles, but I was never at his mercy. Those things hurt me, but I stood like a wall for him inside the house so that nobody could say anything to him. Though Arhaan is a closed chapter for Rashami now, she will meet him to get closure. He tried to reach out to me via text messages. I, too, need some answers and will meet him. I didnt know about his marriage and child, she said, adding that she has neither met his parents nor did she know about his houses in Mumbai. I didnt expect him to hide such a big aspect of his life from me. It came as a shock; at one point, I contemplated leaving the show, as I wasnt able to handle it, she said. She also said that she does not wish ill for him even now. Also read: Nick Jonas addresses 10-year age gap with Priyanka Chopra on The Voice: My wife is 37. Its cool One of the reasons behind her taking up Bigg Boss 13 was to give Arhaans career a boost, Rashami claimed. When asked if he used her and her popularity for fame, she said, I believe that he used me emotionally. I dont want to comment on other things at this moment. Rashami, who was earlier married to her Uttaran co-star Nandish Sandhu, said that the decision to break up with Arhaan was not an easy one. It was difficult because I couldnt detach myself. You always wish for a relationship to culminate in a life-long commitment, but it was not meant to be. I have realised that I dont need a man to take care of me, but someone who can understand and respect me as a partner. You learn from your mistakes. Failing in one aspect doesnt mean you have failed in life. I made a decision and have moved on beautifully. I lost my father at a very young age and maybe, thats why mujhe aadmiyon ki pehchaan nahi hai, she said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 27, 2020 10:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/nick-jonas-addresses-10-year-age-gap-with-priyanka-chopra-on-the-voice-my-wife-is-37-it-s-cool/story-8urKENq9WNTp3OBFm8zLQJ.html</url>
<title>Nick Jonas addresses 10-year age gap with Priyanka Chopra on The Voice: My wife is 37. Its cool</title>
<body >Singer Nick Jonas, who has joined season 18 of music reality show The Voice as a new coach, was teased about his age by fellow coach and singer Kelly Clarkson. When she told him that she was a decade older than him  she is 37, while he is 27  he replied, My wife is 37. Its cool. There has been some criticism about Nicks age difference with his wife and actor Priyanka Chopra, but the couple is unfazed by it. Last year, in an interview with InStyle, Priyanka called out the double standard behind the criticism and said that no one raises an eyebrow if the man has a younger partner. People gave us a lot of sh*t about that and still do, she said, adding, I find it really amazing when you flip it and the guy is older, no one cares and actually people like it. ALSOWATCH | Golden Globes 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas, Scarlett Johansson  others dazzle at red carpet Nick and Priyanka got married in December 2018 in two lavish ceremonies  a Christian wedding and one according to Hindu rituals  in Jodhpur, after a whirlwind romance. Their grand nuptials were followed by a number of receptions, in Delhi, Mumbai and Charlotte (North Carolina, US). On the work front, Nick and Priyanka recently announced their first project together  they will executive produce an Amazon Prime Video show inspired by their own sangeet ceremony. The unscripted series, reportedly titled A Week To Sangeet, will showcase the journey of select engaged couples rehearsing for an epic sangeet performance. They will be aided by a team of celebrity choreographers, stylists, and creative directors. Also read: Udit Narayan says I have told Aditya Narayan to marry Neha Kakkar after wedding hoax Announcing the show in an Instagram post, Priyanka wrote that their sangeet was one of the most unforgettable moments from her wedding with Nick. She said that they were excited to partner on the show which celebrates the love and magic that comes from friends and family that join together through music and dance the night before a wedding. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 28, 2020 13:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/28-years-of-maine-pyar-kiya-sooraj-barjatya-had-rejected-salman-khan-after-his-first-audition/story-cCFNMIrNscmmLUCIP4diLO.html</url>
<title>28 years of Maine Pyar Kiya: Sooraj Barjatya had rejected Salman Khan after his first audition</title>
<body >Sooraj Barjatyas film Maine Pyar Kiya, starring Salman Khan and Bhagyashree, marked the debut of  two fantastic actors in lead roles, and was the top grossing film that year. The film was also one of the top grossing films in the 1980s, and is considered to be an iconic film in the same category as Kabhi Kabhi (1996) and Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jaenge (1995). As the film completes 28 years of its release today, we bring you facts about the film that you probably didnt know 1) Salman Khan was not the first choice for Prem Before Salman Khan eventually got the role of Prem, a slew of new actors were considered and auditioned for the role. Vindoo Dara Singh, Deepak Tijori and Piyush Mishra are some of the names that were considered for the role, before Salman made it his own. In fact, he was rejected by the films director Sooraj Barjatya after his first audition, who thought that Salman looked small. When he first came to my office, I remember he was sitting at the reception and he looked very small. It (was) the second audition that we liked and we finalised him, Sooraj was quoted as saying. 2) Nutan wasnt happy with villainous son Actor Nutan wasnt very happy with her son, Mohnish Behl, playing the role of the villain in the film. According to several reports, Nutan had even asked the makers if they could cast Mohnish in a different role, since he had done positive roles before the film. The makers, however, assured Nutan that Behls role will be remembered for a long time. 3) Despite films massive success, Salman couldnt find work for a year The film went on to become the biggest blockbuster that year, won numerous awards, and made Salman  a star. However, in an interview with journalist Rajat Sharma, Salman Khan revealed that he couldnt find work for an entire year. According to reports, Salmans father, writer Salim Khan posted an advertisement in newspaper about his sons acting capabilities, after which Salman started getting movie offers. 4) Love Transcends boundaries The film was dubbed in English and titled When Love Calls and was a big hit overseas as well. In fact, the film was a big hit in the Caribbean and dominated the box-office that year in Guyana, and Trinidad and Tobago. The film was also dubbed and titled Te Amo in Spanish, and the film saw a 10-week run in Lima, Peru. 5) The Handsome Kabootar The white pigeon that played cupid between Prem (Salman) and Suman (Bhagyashree), delivering his love letters to her in the song Kabootar Jaa, was named Handsome. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 29, 2017 13:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nikamma-shilpa-shetty-shares-first-look-of-comeback-film-will-release-on-june-5/story-yx2VXyqEX55YubqPIbNExH.html</url>
<title>Nikamma: Shilpa Shetty shares first look of comeback film, will release on June 5</title>
<body >Shilpa Shetty has announced that her comeback film, Nikamma, will hit the theatres on June 5, 2020. She also shared the first look, featuring Abhimanyu Dassani and debutante Shirley Setia, on her Instagram account. The Dhadkan actor wrote, Super excited to announce that #Nikamma is releasing on 5th June, 2019. Have had such an amazing experience working with @sabbir24x7, @abhimanyud  @ShirleySetia, and now, I cant wait for you guys to watch it! Mark the date! See you in the theatres! View this post on Instagram           Super excited to announce that #Nikamma is releasing on 5th June, 2020. Have had such an amazing experience working with @sabbir24x7, @abhimanyud  @ShirleySetia, and now, I cant wait for you guys to watch it! Mark the date! See you in the theatres!  . @sonypicturesin @sonypicsprodns . Posted @withrepost  @sabbir24x7 NIKAMMA ... Arriving on 5th June 2020. Get ready to meet this lovable couple and of course the sassy Shilpa Shetty who makes a comeback to the screen after 13 years. Nikamma once again gives me a chance to say a big story with rank newcomers, bring their talent to the fore and give them a platform. This also marks my first as a producer in collaboration with Sony pictures so super excited to bring this to you in the new year !!! @theshilpashetty @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin A post shared by  Shilpa Shetty Kundra (@theshilpashetty) on Dec 16, 2019 at 9:25pm PST Super excited to announce that #Nikamma is releasing on 5th June, 2020. Have had such an amazing experience working with @sabbir24x7, @abhimanyud  @ShirleySetia, and now, I cant wait for you guys to watch it! Mark the date! See you in the theatres!  . @sonypicturesin @sonypicsprodns . Posted @withrepost  @sabbir24x7 NIKAMMA ... Arriving on 5th June 2020. Get ready to meet this lovable couple and of course the sassy Shilpa Shetty who makes a comeback to the screen after 13 years. Nikamma once again gives me a chance to say a big story with rank newcomers, bring their talent to the fore and give them a platform. This also marks my first as a producer in collaboration with Sony pictures so super excited to bring this to you in the new year !!! @theshilpashetty @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin A post shared by  Shilpa Shetty Kundra (@theshilpashetty) on Dec 16, 2019 at 9:25pm PST Directed by Sabbir Khan, Nikamma marks Shilpas return to the big screen after a sabbatical of 13 years. Her last major Bollywood release was Anil Sharmas Apne in 2007, though she has been active on the small screen. Nikamma also marks Sabbirs foray into production. He will co-produce the film under his banner Sabbir Khan Films along with Sony Pictures. Also see:Shilpa Shetty hilariously trolls Nikamma director for making her wear cotton saree in winter. Watch video The filmmaker shared the first look of his next on Instagram and wrote, NIKAMMA ... Arriving on 5th June 2020. Get ready to meet this lovable couple and of course the sassy Shilpa Shetty who makes a comeback to the screen after 13 years. Nikamma once again gives me a chance to say a big story with rank newcomers, bring their talent to the fore and give them a platform. This also marks my first as a producer in collaboration with Sony pictures so super excited to bring this to you in the new year !!! @theshilpashetty @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin, the caption added. View this post on Instagram           NIKAMMA ... Arriving on 5th June 2020. Get ready to meet this lovable couple and of course the sassy Shilpa Shetty who makes a comeback to the screen after 13 years. Nikamma once again gives me a chance to say a big story with rank newcomers, bring their talent to the fore and give them a platform. This also marks my first as a producer in collaboration with Sony pictures so super excited to bring this to you in the new year !!! @theshilpashetty @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin A post shared by  Sabbir Khan (@sabbir24x7) on Dec 16, 2019 at 8:21pm PST NIKAMMA ... Arriving on 5th June 2020. Get ready to meet this lovable couple and of course the sassy Shilpa Shetty who makes a comeback to the screen after 13 years. Nikamma once again gives me a chance to say a big story with rank newcomers, bring their talent to the fore and give them a platform. This also marks my first as a producer in collaboration with Sony pictures so super excited to bring this to you in the new year !!! @theshilpashetty @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin A post shared by  Sabbir Khan (@sabbir24x7) on Dec 16, 2019 at 8:21pm PST In an earlier Instagram post, Shilpa expressed her excitement about her return to films. Yesssssssss, its true! My sabbatical of 13 long years comes to an end. I am so excited to announce that the film you will see me next in is #Nikamma , directed by @sabbir24x7 (cast still being finalised) featuring these amazing and talented actors @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin. Need all your blessings and thank you for all the love always, she wrote. View this post on Instagram           Yesssssssss, its true! My sabbatical of 13 long years comes to an end.. I am so excited to announce that the film you will see me next in is #Nikamma , directed by @sabbir24x7 (cast still being finalised) featuring these amazing and talented actors @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin. Need all your blessings  and Thank you for all the love always #SabbirKhanFilms #ShilpaShettyInNikamma #gratitude #doingwhatilove #lovewhatido #films #backwithabang #love #announcement #bombaytimes A post shared by  Shilpa Shetty Kundra (@theshilpashetty) on Jul 31, 2019 at 9:02pm PDT Yesssssssss, its true! My sabbatical of 13 long years comes to an end.. I am so excited to announce that the film you will see me next in is #Nikamma , directed by @sabbir24x7 (cast still being finalised) featuring these amazing and talented actors @abhimanyud @shirleysetia @sonypicturesin. Need all your blessings  and Thank you for all the love always #SabbirKhanFilms #ShilpaShettyInNikamma #gratitude #doingwhatilove #lovewhatido #films #backwithabang #love #announcement #bombaytimes A post shared by  Shilpa Shetty Kundra (@theshilpashetty) on Jul 31, 2019 at 9:02pm PDT Talking about Nikamma, Shilpa told PTI in a statement, It feels great, I am ready to take that plunge again and looking forward to be back on the big screen. Its a refreshingly unique project and I am looking forward to working with Sabbir. I loved my role, and its something Ive never down before... I cant wait for my audiences to see me in a new avatar. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 17, 2019 12:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kriti-kharbanda-wishes-boyfriend-pulkit-samrat-with-goofy-pic-it-s-his-birthday-and-he-s-my-favourite/story-6lUwsjaeMTNM46YB5J2W0N.html</url>
<title>Kriti Kharbanda wishes boyfriend Pulkit Samrat with goofy pic: Its his birthday and hes my favourite</title>
<body >Kriti Kharbanda had a sweet birthday wish for boyfriend Pulkit Samrat, who turned a year older on Sunday (December 29). Sharing a goofy picture of them, she wrote, Coz its his birthday and hes my favourite! @pulkitsamrat to madness, happiness, craziness, laughters, tears of joy and so much more! Happiest birthday, you! Muahhh! View this post on Instagram           Coz its his birthday and hes my favourite!  @pulkitsamrat to madness, happiness, craziness, laughters, tears of joy and so much more! Happiest birthday, you! Muahhh! A post shared by  Kriti Kharbanda (@kriti.kharbanda) on Dec 29, 2019 at 6:29am PST Coz its his birthday and hes my favourite!  @pulkitsamrat to madness, happiness, craziness, laughters, tears of joy and so much more! Happiest birthday, you! Muahhh! A post shared by  Kriti Kharbanda (@kriti.kharbanda) on Dec 29, 2019 at 6:29am PST During the promotions of their last release, Anees Bazmees Pagalpanti, Pulkit and Kriti put an end to months of speculation and confirmed that they were in a relationship. The couple, who began dating earlier this year, requested people to respect their personal space and privacy. We are not hiding our relationship but I feel people should give us some space because its a family thing, Kriti told IANS. Pulkit added, I think personal and family matters should be kept limited within the family. Our families are camera shy and media shy. It is not right on our part to express feelings on their behalf. I can just say we are in a happy space. Recently, Pulkit and Kriti were in Thailand to attend the wedding of their friends Karanjiv Singh and Neharika Juneja Vijan. The couple shared glimpses of themselves enjoying the wedding festivities on their respective Instagram accounts. View this post on Instagram            #PrettyKharbanda A post shared by  Pulkit Samrat (@pulkitsamrat) on Dec 15, 2019 at 12:07am PST  #PrettyKharbanda A post shared by  Pulkit Samrat (@pulkitsamrat) on Dec 15, 2019 at 12:07am PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Kriti Kharbanda (@kriti.kharbanda) on Dec 17, 2019 at 7:50pm PST  A post shared by  Kriti Kharbanda (@kriti.kharbanda) on Dec 17, 2019 at 7:50pm PST Pulkit and Kriti, who first worked together in Ashu Trikhas Veerey Ki Wedding, will also be seen in Bejoy Nambiars Taish. However, they will not be seen romancing each other in the film. Also read: Sara Ali Khan, Kartik Aaryan come together for dubbing of Love Aaj Kal sequel amid breakup rumours. See pics It is completely an opposite film compared to Pagalpanti. In Taish, we arent paired opposite each other. We just happen to be a part of the cast, Kriti told IANS. Pulkit added that it was an interesting project. Produced by Nishant Pitti and Bejoy Nambiar, Taish is a revenge drama that also features Jim Sarbh, Amit Sadh, Neha Sharma, Aditya Pancholi and Harshvardhan Rane. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 30, 2019 12:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/hrithik-roshan-sussanne-khan-s-holiday-with-sons-parents-rakesh-and-pinkie-is-all-about-being-a-modern-family-see-pics/story-NebUOxwaeqzMVDbrKao5wL.html</url>
<title>Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne Khans holiday with sons, parents Rakesh and Pinkie is all about being a modern family. See pics</title>
<body >Many Bollywood stars including the likes of Kareena Kapoor Khan, Varun Dhawan, Malaika Arora, Jacqueline Fernandez jetted off to exotic locations to ring in the New Year. So did the Roshans. Hrithik Roshans ex-wife Sussanne has shared a bunch of pictures from their French holiday. Sharing them, Sussanne wrote: The Modern Family. 2 boys, A Mom and A Dad Cousins and brothers Sisters Grandparents Grand uncle n aunt And 2 friends... new bonds and a heartfull of smiles. Everyday life that feels empowering 2020 here we come.. Processing our best while carving the slopes. A Times of India report said they went toFrance. View this post on Instagram           The Modern Family. 2 boys, A Mom and A Dad Cousins and brothers Sisters Grandparents Grand uncle n aunt And 2 friends... new bonds and a heartfull of smiles. Everyday life that feels empowering  2020 here we come.. Processing our best while carving the slopes  A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Jan 5, 2020 at 6:09am PST The Modern Family. 2 boys, A Mom and A Dad Cousins and brothers Sisters Grandparents Grand uncle n aunt And 2 friends... new bonds and a heartfull of smiles. Everyday life that feels empowering  2020 here we come.. Processing our best while carving the slopes  A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Jan 5, 2020 at 6:09am PST The pictures show Hrithik, Sussanne, their two boys Hridhaan and Hrehaan, Hrithiks parents Rakesh and Pinkie Roshan, Hrithiks musician uncle Rajesh and his sister Sunaina playing in the snow or simply posing for the camera. There are other family members, identified in a Times of India report, as Pashmina and Eshaan Roshan, children of Rajesh Roshan. The ex-couple got divorced in 2014 ending a 14-year old marriage. They got married in 2000 and separated in 2013. Sussanne is the daughter of 1970s star Sanjay Khan. Also read: Suhana Khan, Virat Kohli, Kareena Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan: Best and worst dressed celebrities this week Hrithik had a wonderful year in 2019. He saw the release of two very different films - Super 30 and later War. In the former, he played a math wizard, based on the real-life figure from Bihar named Anand Kumar, who helped and coaches 30 students from poor sections of society to crack the elite IITs. His next film, War, is an espionage thriller, pitting Hrithik against a much younger Tiger Shroff. The film has been appreciated for its action sequences. Speaking about his choice of films, Hrithik had earlier told PTI, I was fortunate that I had films I was empowered by. I felt so much love and passion for these two films. From now on, I am going to set my benchmark higher. I felt more encouraged after the success. It is an important success for me. My instincts were very strong and if it would have failed, then I would have been affected. The most important thing for us in creative life is to be able to trust our instincts and if your instincts gets reaffirmed and gets strengthened, it empowers you a lot. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 07, 2020 09:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/watch-hrithik-roshan-ex-wife-sussanne-return-from-france-holiday-with-sons-rakesh-roshan-gives-her-a-goodbye-hug/story-YQqqJYCrethsGxYnodADAI.html</url>
<title>Watch: Hrithik Roshan, ex-wife Sussanne return from France holiday with sons, Rakesh Roshan gives her a goodbye hug</title>
<body >Hrithik Roshan has returned from his New Year vacation in France with his ex-wife Sussanne Khan and their sons, Hrehaan and Hridhaan. The actors parents Rakesh Roshan and Pinky Roshan had also accompanied the family on their holiday. A video of Hrithik and his family at the Mumbai airport was shared online on Friday. In the clip, Rakesh is seen giving his former daughter-in-law a goodbye hug. View this post on Instagram           Good to see the Roshan family together  after holidays. #pinkyroshan has a huge teddy to carry while #rakeshroshan is seen giving a goodbye hug to former bahu #SuzanneKhan and you can even spot #sunainaroshan too in this video. A good beginning for 2020 for #hrithikroshan #airportdiaries #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Jan 3, 2020 at 1:00am PST Good to see the Roshan family together  after holidays. #pinkyroshan has a huge teddy to carry while #rakeshroshan is seen giving a goodbye hug to former bahu #SuzanneKhan and you can even spot #sunainaroshan too in this video. A good beginning for 2020 for #hrithikroshan #airportdiaries #viralbhayani @viralbhayani A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Jan 3, 2020 at 1:00am PST Earlier, Sussanne shared videos of the family skiing and having a whale of a time at a ski resort in France. Even better than the real thing... #skiobsessing #ciao2019 #redslopesday #2daystogo2020 video by @yannsoudin, she wrote. View this post on Instagram           Even better than the real thing... #skiobsessing #ciao2019 #redslopesday #2daystogo2020 video by @yannsoudin A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Dec 29, 2019 at 3:06pm PST Even better than the real thing... #skiobsessing #ciao2019 #redslopesday #2daystogo2020 video by @yannsoudin A post shared by  Sussanne Khan (@suzkr) on Dec 29, 2019 at 3:06pm PST Though Hrithik and Sussanne divorced in 2014 after being married for 13 years, they continue to remain friends. The two are frequently seen on movie outings and getaways with their sons. In an earlier interview with GQ, Hrithik opened up about his friendly equation with Sussanne. Its a beautiful relationship. With our kids, with us as friends, its all about wisdom. One thing is for sure: Love cant turn into hate. If its hate, it wasnt love. The flipside of love Is also love. Once you understand that, youll keep finding ways back into love, he said. Hrithik and Sussannes friendliness has always been the talk of the town, and there have been several rumours of a reconciliation between them. However, in 2016, Sussanne took to Twitter to shut down such speculation and said that their priority was to be good parents to their sons, Hrehaan and Hridhaan. I request people to stop speculating. There will never be a reconciliation with @iHrithik. But we will always be good parents. #no1priority, she wrote. I request people to stop speculating. There will never be a reconciliation with @iHrithik. But we will always be good parents. #no1priority Sussanne Khan (@sussannekroshan) May 2, 2016 I request people to stop speculating. There will never be a reconciliation with @iHrithik. But we will always be good parents. #no1priority Meanwhile, Hrithik had a great run at the box office in 2019, with both his releases  Super 30 and War  hitting the bulls eye. While Super 30 crossed the Rs 100-crore mark, War was the highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2019, with earnings of more than Rs 300 crore. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 03, 2020 16:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-hrithik-roshan-10-pics-of-death-by-chocolate-actor-that-ll-give-you-a-sugar-rush/story-GGoTjF8k2u29vXQUB5vdrL.html</url>
<title>Happy birthday Hrithik Roshan: 10 pics of death by chocolate actor thatll give you a sugar rush</title>
<body >Hrithik Roshan turns 46 on Friday. Let that sink in. The star, who delivered 2019s biggest Bollywood hit recently with War, and was lauded for his performance in his another release of the year -- Super 30, does not look like he is just four years away from hitting a half century, and we have just the right pictures to prove that. Hrithik beat several Bollywood hunks to be crowned the year and the decades sexiest Asian Man. He topped UK-based Eastern Eye newspapers 16th edition of the world-famous list, published annually. While his fans were ecstatic about it, Hrithik said it was not relevant in larger scheme of things. I would like to thank everyone who feels so and has voted for me. I am flattered but I also know that it is not an achievement. Just a persons looks are not relevant in the larger scheme of things. I dont judge people by the way they look. Similarly, I dont judge myself either by the way I look. What is attractive in a person is his/her story, journey and the way that person has dealt with situations in his/her own life. Looking a certain way for my characters is just a part of my job, which takes a lot of effort and hard work, Hrithik said about topping the list. If you have any doubts about why he deserved the top spot, here are some super stunning pictures of the actor to light up your night: View this post on Instagram           Contemplating my next move to win the #War!  A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Sep 5, 2019 at 5:39am PDT Contemplating my next move to win the #War!  A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Sep 5, 2019 at 5:39am PDT View this post on Instagram           Its a new day . . . Super30 copy out today. . . Today I let go. . . #keepcreating #keepgrowing #lettinggoishard #anxious #excited #super30 A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jul 8, 2019 at 11:13pm PDT Its a new day . . . Super30 copy out today. . . Today I let go. . . #keepcreating #keepgrowing #lettinggoishard #anxious #excited #super30 A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jul 8, 2019 at 11:13pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Sun suits me selfie A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on May 14, 2019 at 10:46am PDT Sun suits me selfie A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on May 14, 2019 at 10:46am PDT View this post on Instagram           if I think I look good , does that make me look bad . . #weirdideas #curiousmind #whattodo #itactuallymakessense A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jan 14, 2019 at 2:00pm PST if I think I look good , does that make me look bad . . #weirdideas #curiousmind #whattodo #itactuallymakessense A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jan 14, 2019 at 2:00pm PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Nov 24, 2018 at 2:35am PST A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Nov 24, 2018 at 2:35am PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jul 30, 2017 at 11:20pm PDT A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jul 30, 2017 at 11:20pm PDT View this post on Instagram           There's a gorgeous chocolate sponge cake on the table behind Subi. It better be for me. #thereisareasonbehindeveryexpression #thanksforthephotoshootsubi #andthecake A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Dec 6, 2016 at 7:04am PST There's a gorgeous chocolate sponge cake on the table behind Subi. It better be for me. #thereisareasonbehindeveryexpression #thanksforthephotoshootsubi #andthecake A post shared by  Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Dec 6, 2016 at 7:04am PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jun 10, 2016 at 12:51am PDT A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Jun 10, 2016 at 12:51am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2016 at 10:10am PDT A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2016 at 10:10am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Sep 23, 2019 at 5:11am PDT A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Sep 23, 2019 at 5:11am PDT Also read: Kajol says she had a miscarriage when K3G released: The film had done so well, but it wasnt a happy time Not jut his fans but other celebs also cant get enough of his good looks. Deepika Padukone recently said she loved seeing him in War. Hrithik in War is like Death by Chocolate from Corner House!...Just saying, Deepika wrote in a tweet. She also said that she and husband Ranveer Singh swooned over his great looks when they saw the film. Her dreams came true when they met at a Bollywood party before New Year and he fed her chocolate cake. Fondly called the Greek God of Bollywood, Hrithik made his acting debut in 2000 with Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai and since then he has been on a roll with big films such as Dhoom 2, Koi... Mil Gaya, Super 30 and Jodhaa Akbar, among others. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 10, 2020 07:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-hrithik-roshan-how-super-30-and-war-changed-the-box-office-game/story-acUCrOCniHFDdfGjUrDzoJ.html</url>
<title>Happy Birthday Hrithik Roshan: How Super 30 and War changed the box office game</title>
<body >Two decades ago, Hrithik Roshan burst on the Bollywood scene with Kaho NaaPyaar Hai. With his gorgeous hazel-flecked green eyes and perfectly sculpted features, he danced his way into our hearts and the nation witnessed never-seen-before fan frenzy for a debutant. On The Kapil Sharma Show last year, Hrithik confessed that he was flooded with marriage proposals after the release of his debut film in 2000. According to news agency IANS, he received as many as 30,000 proposals at the time. In the years that followed, Hrithiks choices have been anything but run-of-the-mill, and his performances have proven that he has the acting chops to match his Adonis-like looks, whether it was the child-like Rohit Mehra in KoiMil Gaya, the stately Mughal emperor Akbar in Jodhaa Akbar or the quadriplegic magician Ethan Mascarenhas in Guzaarish. While some of his risks paid off, others didnt take off the way he had imagined. When Ashutosh Gowarikers ambitious period drama Mohenjo Daro bombed at the box office in 2016, it was a lean patch for Hrithik, not just professionally but also personally. Rakesh Roshan gave his son a fresh lease of life with his production, Kaabil, but it was last years back-to-back hits Super 30 and War that brought him back in the game with a bang. Super 30, which marked Hrithiks entry into the biopic genre, was a risky choice for the actor. He was shorn of all glamour as he brought to life the struggles and journey of mathematical genius and founder of educational programme Super 30, Anand Kumar, on celluloid. Hrithik was banking on the success of Super 30, which was his first release in two years after Kaabil, but the initial response was not too encouraging. After the trailer dropped online, he was at the receiving end of a volley of criticism for using make-up to become several shades darker than his original complexion. The brownfacing was deemed racist and elitist, and his shaky Bihari accent didnt win much applause either. Once Super 30 released, however, he won over the critics as well as the audience with his earnest performance. The underdog story, high on melodrama, struck a chord with viewers and went on to earn nearly Rs 150 crore at the box office in India. The film was also declared tax-free in a number of states, including Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Jammu and Kashmir. Hrithiks next release of 2019 - Siddharth Anands spy-thriller War - was as different from Super 30 as chalk is from cheese. If Super 30 stripped him of all glamour, War was an ode to his bulging biceps. The film, which also starred Tiger Shroff and his gleaming torso, was an eye candy overdose. At one point, a female agent jokingly tells Hrithik on her wedding day that she is willing to elope with him even now, as Tiger smirks, Yeah, get in line! The Hrithik-Tiger bromance is the highlight of War, with the two stars joining forces to beat the baddies to a pulp and engaging in complex dance-offs. There is even a beautifully choreographed action sequence of them doing mid-air flips to escape flying bullets, as flamenco music plays in the background. Also read | Happy birthday Hrithik Roshan: 10 pics of death by chocolate actor thatll give you a sugar rush War plays to the gallery in every scene, and it is no surprise that it smashed the Rs 300-crore milestone to become the highest-grossing Hindi film of 2019. Hrithik has never stuck to a tried and tested path, and his diverse film choices in 2019 are proof. In a recent Film Companion interview, he said that he will continue to take risks in the projects to come. I cant see myself repeating the same thing just because it has worked, he said, adding that his next choices will showcase his adventurous side. As of now, Hrithiks home production Krrish 4 is the only confirmed film in his kitty. But even as he returns as the caped crusader, he wont fall back on the familiar. Maybe Ill give it another twist or Ill do something strange to it, he said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 10, 2020 11:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/hrithik-roshan-asks-fans-to-find-a-way-to-get-some-sun-everyday-they-can-t-get-over-his-smouldering-looks-in-new-selfie/story-Q7SkLrtSlqU5RhqZMUdqTO.html</url>
<title>Hrithik Roshan asks fans to find a way to get some sun everyday, they cant get over his smouldering looks in new selfie</title>
<body >Hrithik Roshan has shared a sun-lit selfie on Instagram and has reminded his fans to not forget getting some sunshine while they abstain from stepping out during lockdown. The actor is currently in quarantine with his sons Hrehaan and Hridaan and ex-wife Sussanne Khan. Hrithik shared the picture and wrote, Get your shot of Sun. Every day. 10 mins. .Find a way. #stayalert #mentalhealth #vitd #staybright #lockdowntips. His fans, however, couldnt overlook his Greek God looks as he posed for the camera in the sun. A fan reacted, Smoldering handsomeness. Another wrote, The face of shining that can beat the hotness of sun. A fan noticed the grey hair in his beard and quipped, Its hard to accept that your favourite star is Getting old... A day before, Hrithik wished his parents Rakesh Roshan and Pinky on their 49th wedding anniversary on Thursday in the most adorable way. The 46-year-old actor took to Instagram and shared a video of him playing piano and singing Happy Anniversary song for his parents. In the shared video, the War actor was also joined by sons and Sussanne, as they all sang the song with him. He captioned it, The spirit must dance whether outdoors or quarantined indoors! View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Apr 23, 2020 at 3:48am PDT A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Apr 23, 2020 at 3:48am PDT Hrithik also posted two other separate videos, which featured some of the adorable moments shared by the senior couple. In the first video, the actor is seen grooving with his parents in a foreign location, with the Despacito song played in the background. The second video gave a glimpse of the Roshans connecting with their dear ones through video calling during the lockdown. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2020 at 7:05am PDT A post shared by Hrithik Roshan (@hrithikroshan) on Mar 31, 2020 at 7:05am PDT The actors ex-wife Sussanne moved in with them last month at their residence to co-parent their kids. Hrithik had earlier shared a video of him playing the piano, wherein he said that while hes just learning to play the musical instrument, Sussanne is busy surveying my home for design irregularities. He captioned it: Inspired by the 21 day learning challenge by Vedantu (and my little pianists at home). So Im on mission piano. PS: Great for activating both sides of the brain by the way. Great initiative by Vedantu to spread the word on growth and learning. #21dayLearningchallenge by @vedantu_learns. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 24, 2020 12:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-shah-rukh-khan-warned-aamir-khan-to-not-work-with-kajol-she-is-very-bad-unfocused/story-ohHuC9ZVW9pUEacCoSFHQK.html</url>
<title>When Shah Rukh Khan warned Aamir Khan to not work with Kajol:She is very bad, unfocused</title>
<body >Theyre known as one of Bollywoods finest romantic pairs, but did you know that Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol got off on the wrong foot when they first met? In fact, Shah Rukh confessed that hed even warned Aamir Khan about her, calling her unfocused and very bad. When I was working with her in Baazigar, Aamir (Khan) asked me about her as he wanted to work with her. I left him a message saying, She is very bad, no focus, you will not be able to work with her. And then I saw the rushes in the evening. I kept calling Aamir to clarify. I told him, I dont know what it is but she is magical on the screen, he said, according to Indian Express. ALSO WATCH |Actor Fatima Sana Shaikh teaches mental fitness during lockdown  Also read: How Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khans office space was turned into a quarantine facility, watch video Kajol also had a similar first impression. She said, I remember Shah Rukh and other actors had a huge hangover when they came on the sets and I was jabbering away in Marathi to his make-up guy. They were like what is that voice. It is going to split open our heads. He was very grumpy but I kept chatting and finally he said, Will you please shut up chup ho jao. I think thats how we became friends. Shah Rukh retorted, Even now, I have to tell her to shut up. Shah Rukh and Kajol have starred together in films such as Baazigar, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham and most recently, Dilwale. And Shah Rukh no longer hides his admiration for her. Kajol is not technical, she is an honest actor and thats a great quality, he said at an event in celebration of DDLJs 20th anniversary. My daughter (Suhana) wants to become an actress and I would want her to learn that. I hope I learn that from Kajol. I cant explain but she is something else on screen. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 25, 2020 16:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/after-ramayan-ramanand-sagar-s-shri-krishna-set-to-return-to-small-screen/story-d1k2U9wpPCRnwfRbbjAdaN.html</url>
<title>After Ramayan, Ramanand Sagars Shri Krishna set to return to small screen</title>
<body >Ramanand Sagars Shri Krishna, the hit mythological show from the 90s, is set to return to the small screens for a rerun amid lockdown. Ramanands Ramayan and BR Chopras Mahabharat from the 80s are already on air on DD National. According to a Mumbai Mirror report, Shri Krishna will go on air on DD National will take up the slot once Uttar Ramayan ends. The report also states how late politician Arun Jaitely had played a prominent role in the show getting a coveted 9 am slot on DD1 in 1996. While Swapnil Joshi had played the role of a young Krishna, Sarvadaman D. Banerjee had stepped in to portray the character as an adult. The show had first aired on Doordarshans Metro Channel (DD 2) in 1993 and was re-telecaste on DD National in 1996. In 1999, it moved to Zee for the broadcasting of the remaining episodes. The Broadcast Audience Research Council said on Thursday that the mythological shows such as Ramayan and Mahabharat has helped to bolster television audience and advertising revenues. Overall, the council reported a 40% growth in TV viewing over the pre-coronavirus period, with 1.24 trillion minutes of TV content being consumed for the April 11-17 period. Nearly half of India watches TV daily as compared to 32% before, they said. TV viewership has been growing consistently ever since the country was put under a lockdown on March 25, as people consumed more of news and movies. Mythological shows have become the main source of entertainment among the Hindi general entertainment channels (GEC), the Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC) said, adding that such shows contribute a whopping 43% of the total Hindi GEC genre, which is the biggest category of TV channels. Also read: Rajeev Khandelwal says casting couch is not rape: The one who gives in is equally responsible The mythological shows - which sometimes run twice a day - garnered 109 billion viewing minutes during the week by 353 million viewers, the councils weekly data release said. Starting with three advertisers when the series got relaunched in end-March, Ramayan enjoys around 42 advertisers per day, while the same for Mahabharat is about 25 advertisers, the data said. (With PTI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 25, 2020 09:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/virat-kohli-thanks-anushka-sharma-for-switching-on-lights-during-live-chat-with-ab-de-villiers-thanks-my-love/story-LEezrrdrYGBl9aUKEvvY3M.html</url>
<title>Virat Kohli thanks Anushka Sharma for switching on lights during live chat with AB de Villiers: Thanks my love</title>
<body >Actor Anushka Sharma is every bit a considerate wife to her cricketer husband Virat Kohli. It was evident on Friday when Virat was conducting an Instagram Live with AB de Villiers. A sweet gesture by Anushka made Virat smile. As it grew dark out during their chat, Anushka walked into the room and switched on the lights. Looking up from his phone towards Anushka, he said, Thanks my love. Virat also gave her lovely smile. Like always, their fans loved seeing this classic #Virushka moment unfold online. Pure love, a fan called it, Fav couple, said another. They are couple goals, read another comment. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on Apr 24, 2020 at 10:44am PDT A post shared by Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on Apr 24, 2020 at 10:44am PDT Anushka has been keeping Virat busy during the lockdown with fun Instagram challenges. Anushka posted a video on Instagram story, as she gave Instagrams viral Guess The Gibberish filter a shot. However, she failed to come up with the right word but got some help from Virat. ALSO WATCH |Roger Federer challenges Virat Kohli: Watch tennis aces home training dare  Also read: Rajeev Khandelwal says casting couch is not rape: The one who gives in is equally responsible Guess The Gibberish filter works by showing you seemingly meaningless words, until you can crack it and arrive at the correct phrase. A user gets 10 seconds to figure out the right words. The filer was created by a user named @gu_christopher, and has caught on. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Instagram stories updates (@insta_stories_indi_a) on Apr 23, 2020 at 1:27pm PDT A post shared by Instagram stories updates (@insta_stories_indi_a) on Apr 23, 2020 at 1:27pm PDT In more videos, Virat was quickly able to guess the right word while Anushka struggled. Marvelling at his skill, she wrote, Ladke ko sab pata hai (the boy knows everything). On Friday, Anushka announced the release date of her upcoming production, Amazon Prime Original series, Paatal Lok. From the underbelly comes a crime thriller that will change how you look at the world you live in. #PaatalLok #NewSeriesOnPrime, May 15, she wrote while sharing a short teaser clip for the show.  Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 25, 2020 17:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/cbse-examsvideo/video-zDzoeSWq0qFeQTaJqBeaOK.html</url>
<title>CBSE to conduct 10th, 12th board exams from 1st July to 15th July: Govt</title>
<body >The Central Board Secondary Education (CBSE) will conduct the remaining Class 10 exams (for students of violence-hit North-East Delhi ) and Class 12 board examination between July 1 and July 15. The HRD ministry has already announced that JEE (Main) exam will be conducted from July 18 to 23 and NEET from July 26. Watch the video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/upsc-ssc-exam-update-union-minister-jitendra-singh-speaks-on-covid-impact/video-LcUatJJXT7DGNw8ulBvkCO.html</url>
<title>UPSC, SSC exam update: Union minister Jitendra Singh speaks on Covid impact</title>
<body >Union minister Jitendra Singh commented on the postponement of UPSC and SSC examinations due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Singh said that UPSC has issued a circular stating that a decision regarding conduct of the exams will be taken after May 3. The nationwide lockdown to break the cycle of Coronavirus infection was extended to May 3 by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on April 14. Singh also dispelled rumours about a possible cut in pensions. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/hindutva-and-poetry-on-bookstackvideo/video-jWDjDb552uAliV3eJDPoRN.html</url>
<title>Hindutva and poetry on Bookstack</title>
<body >After the election victory, a number of books on Hindutva have been released. Some are scholarly, some arent. Bookstack features the most interesting ones of the crop. Next, theres a volume on the slow erosion of secular values in India, and finally, as balm to the soul, translations of the poetry of a great Urdu poet and lyricist. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/education-stressvideo/video-NHb8dDJO56449VEMXO04JM.html</url>
<title>In admission season, learn how to deal with stress and choose right career</title>
<body >With a new batch of students seeking admission into colleges across the country, Dr Samir Parikh, Director, Mental Health and Behavioural Sciences at Fortis Hospital, Shalimar Bagh, reveals how to deal with stress and expectations. He also explains how students must go about choosing their courses and careers - by understanding their own interests and aptitude, instead of being influenced by their peers. He also tells youngsters how to deal with disappointments in examinations. Watch the full video for more. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/neet-topper-nalin-khandelwal-studied-8-hours-daily/video-984BOZyR7Z2VLxDzUezDqM.html</url>
<title>NEET topper Nalin Khandelwal studied 8 hours daily</title>
<body >Rajasthans Nalin Khandelwal topped the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test this year. He scored 701 marks out of a total of 720. Nalin said that he studied 8 hours every day and doesnt even own a smart phone. A total of 57.62% students cleared the examination this year, which is lower than 60.15% last year. NEET is an entrance exam for students wishing to pursue graduate and post-graduate courses in medical colleges. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/cbse-10th-3rd-rank-holdervideo/video-p52bf8LT5KtH988oeKUM5N.html</url>
<title>Mobile phones distract: CBSE Class 10th 3rd rank holder Shridhar Vashishtha</title>
<body >Shridhar Vashishtha from Chandigarh scored 99.4 per cent in CBSE Class 10th examination. He scored 497 out of 500 marks. Shridhar is one of the many 3rd rank holders. He is a student of Kendriya Vidyalaya, Chandigarh. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) released the Class 10 board examinations results 2019 on Monday. More than 17 lakh students had taken the exams which began on February 21 and concluded on March 29 this year. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/study-smart-not-long-cbse-12th-3rd-rank-holder-dishank-jindal/video-RoO4bVez7S96lOwVBleugK.html</url>
<title>Study smart, not long: CBSE 12th 3rd rank holder Dishank Jindal</title>
<body >Dishank Jindal has scored 99.4 per cent in CBSE 12th examinations. He is a student of Bhawan Vidyalala, Chandigarh. With 497 out of 500 marks, Dishank is one of the many 3rd rank holders. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)declared the Class 12th results for all regions on Thursday. Atotal of 3114831 candidates were registered out of which 12, 87, 359 had appeared for class 12th exam. The overall pass percentage is 83.4. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/gaurangi-chawlavideo/video-ntrEnGCxOhbFjjxA6Z5OdI.html</url>
<title>Self-control, balance: How Gaurangi Chawla secured 2nd rank in CBSE Class 12</title>
<body >Gaurangi Chawla secured second rank across India in CBSE Class 12th examinations. She is a student of Nirmal Ashram school in Rishikesh, Uttarakhand. Gaurangi wants to be an Indian Administrative Service officer. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)declared the Class 12th results for all regions on Thursday. Atotal of 3114831 candidates were registered out of which 12, 87, 359 had appeared for class 12th exam. The overall pass percentage is 83.4. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/overwhelming-and-unexpected-says-cbse-topper-12th-topper-karishma/video-vz0SQWVufMbwqqQga1ga9I.html</url>
<title>Overwhelming and unexpected, says CBSE topper 12th topper Karishma</title>
<body >CBSE declared class 12th board results on Thursday. Karishma Arora topped the CBSE exams with 499/500 marks. Karishma credited her sucess to family, teachers and her school principal. She studied in SD Public School, Muzaffarpur. Karishma jointly secured first rank with Hansika Shukla. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/happy-to-make-my-teachers-proud-cbse-12th-topper-hansika-shukla/video-ntpNGfsLTmM7pO3xYEfvoM.html</url>
<title>Happy to make my teachers proud: CBSE 12th topper Hansika Shukla</title>
<body >Hansika Shukla of DPS Meerut road Ghaziabad has topped CBSE Class 12th examination. Joint topper Hansika has scored 499 out of 500. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)declared the Class 12th results for all regions on Thursday. The other topper is Karishma Arora of SD Public school Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh. Atotal of 3114831 candidates were registered out of which 12, 87, 359 had appeared for class 12th exam. The over all pass percentage is 83.4. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/cbse---hansikas-teachervideo/video-7bR6zpYKHTs1Up4RiPB3WP.html</url>
<title>Not surprised, says CBSE 12th topper Hansika Shuklas teacher</title>
<body >The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)on Thursday declared the Class 12th results for all regions. Hansika Shukla of DPS Meerut road Ghaziabad and Karishma Arora of SD Public school Muzaffarnagar have topped the examination. Both toppers scored 499 out of 500. Atotal of 3114831 candidates were registered out of which 12, 87, 359 had appeared for class 12th exam. The over all pass percentage is 83.4. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/bseb-announces-list-of-toppers-of-bihar-board-class-10th-exam/video-LZAjxpMUYKl0sPyyqSU1nO.html</url>
<title>BSEB announces list of toppers of Bihar Board class 10th exam</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) announced the result for Class 10th examination on Saturday. BSEB held a press conference to announce the results. Sawan Raj Bharti of Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya (SAV) in Jamui has topped BSEB matric examination 2019. He has scored 97.2%. The pass percentage this year is 80.73%, 11.84% higher than last years 68.89%. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/studied-15-hours-daily-bihar-board-class-10th-topper-sawan-raj-bharti/video-V8BqsHPgFUqj3CqZcG1QyN.html</url>
<title>Studied 15 hours daily: Bihar board class 10th topper Sawan Raj Bharti</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) announced the result for Class 10th examination on Saturday. Sawan Raj Bharti of Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya (SAV) in Jamui has topped BSEB matric examination 2019. He has scored 97.2%. Sawan says he was motivated to become Bihar topper and wants to crack UPSC exam in future. I studied for 15 hours daily, Sawan said. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/bihar-board-10th-matric-result-2019-declared-80-73-students-pass/video-jH3CHhQ83x9KLBA083WW8H.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th matric result 2019 declared, 80.73% students pass</title>
<body >The Bihar Board class 10th examination result was declared on Thursday. 80.73% students passed the matric examinations. The exam was held between February 21-February 28, 2019 and was conducted at 1418 examination centres in the state. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/two-engineering-students-make-smart-wash-basin-to-conserve-water/video-wQgStZHr0uI9KiznlUClQO.html</url>
<title>Two engineering students make smart wash basin to conserve water</title>
<body >Students of electronics and communication department at the Moradabad Institute of Technology have created a smart wash basin that conserves water. The wash basin is smart in the sense that when the tap is left opened, a message will appear on the phone which would let people know about it. The system also detects the blockage of the sink which would let users clean the blockage. Kshitij Shinghal, Associate Professor of Moradabad Institute of Technology said, that it is made keeping in mind conservation of water. The project is themed under waste management. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/qs-world-rankings-iit-bombay-emerges-as-india-s-best-university-displacing-iit-delhi/video-NpCjvitTWt537ygSEOqRwM.html</url>
<title>QS World rankings: IIT-Bombay emerges as Indias best university displacing IIT-Delhi</title>
<body >Indian Institute of Technology- Bombay (IIT) has emerged as the countrys best university in the latest edition of the QS World University Ranking. IIT-Bombay moved up 17 places (162 rank) displacing IIT-Delhi as Indias top-ranked institution. Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore has also overtaken IIT-Delhi and is now ranked 170. Globally Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) remains the top university for the 7th consecutive year. QS ranks among the worlds top 1,000 universities, across 85 countries. With this years rankings, the five first IITs and the IISc are now in the top 500. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/cbse-class-10th-results-tips-from-2nd-rank-holders-writika-and-anchit-on-how-to-ace-exam/video-FeUcaUhtIDqfjGCyTD1gFL.html</url>
<title>CBSE Class 10th Results: Tips from 2nd rank holders, Writika and Anchit , on how to ace exam</title>
<body >Seven students have secured joint second position in the CBSE class 10 board exams. The  result was declared on May 29 and there are four joint toppers this year.They are Anchit Jain, Shrestha Sharma, Akshat Verma, Anshika Gupta, Thresa Soni, Sakshi Bhagdikar, and Writika Sarkar. All of them scored 498 marks out of 500.  DPS, Gurgaon student Writika Sarkar says that one has to study without any distraction. She also says that one can watch a movie or listen to music or do anything he or she likes after one hour of solid study. Another second rank holder Anchit Jain believes it gets difficult when parents put pressure on you. The Amity International School, Noida, student wants to pursue engineering from IIT in future. Watch the video and listen to them share tips on how to ace exams. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/education/sanya-gandhi-tops-differently-abled-category-in-cbse-10th-board-exam/video-ed7qiGVSVvnetlDuRodouN.html</url>
<title>Sanya Gandhi tops differently abled category in CBSE 10th board exam</title>
<body >Sanya Gandhi from Uttam School, Ghaziabad topped the CBSE 10th board in the differently-abled category. She is tied with Anushka Panda from Suncity Gurgaon school with 489 marks in the same category. A total of 16,38,420 candidates registered for the Class 10 exam conducted at 4,453 centres across India and 78 centres abroad. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/west-indies-test-cricketers-resume-training-after-covid-19-hiatus/story-MlANlY5oy6uNtfkgP7QZ9L.html</url>
<title>West Indies Test cricketers resume training after COVID-19 hiatus</title>
<body >Gearing up for a proposed tour of England in July, some members of the West Indies Test team, led by skipper Jason Holder, have returned to training in small groups following a coronavirus-forced hiatus. Away from nets for a long period due to the COVID-19 lockdown, the players including Kraigg Brathwaite, Shai Hope, Kemar Roach, Shane Dowrich, Shamarh Brooks and Raymon Reifer trained at the Kensington Oval behind closed doors on Monday. The initiative to get back to training has been given local Government approval, with strict protocols of social distancing, observing the guidelines as set out by the authorities and CWIs Medical Advisory Committee and was conducted behind closed doors, the countrys cricket board said in a press release. The players trained under the watchful eyes of West Indies assistant coach Roddy Estwick, as well as other coaches from the Barbados Cricket Association. Its great news that the players are now able to begin their cricket training, having been restricted to fitness and conditioning work at home for the past few weeks, as we begin to prepare for defending the Wisden Trophy, said Johnny Grave, CEO of Cricket West Indies. CWI is holding regular discussions with the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) regarding the tour comprising three Tests and remains increasingly confident about it going ahead as planned. Based on the information we have at the moment, everyone is getting increasingly confident that the tour will happen at some point this summer, said Johnny Grave, CEO of CWI. Our next Board of Directors Teleconference is on May 28 and if the tour has to take place as currently planned, by the start of June, we would need to have their approval and support by then in order to get the charter flight logistics in place and select the players. We are in the final stages of discussions with the ECB and we expect to hear from them shortly once their bio-secure plans have UK Government and ECB Board support. England players, including Stuart Broad, Ben Stokes, Chris Woakes and James Anderson too have resumed training, becoming the first set of cricketers to do so following the coronavirus break. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/news-updates-from-hindustan-times-supreme-court-seeks-rbi-response-on-loan-interest-waiver-and-all-the-latest-news/story-Krt7wxnH5FY25rw61e22ZL.html</url>
<title>News updates from Hindustan Times: Supreme Court seeks RBI response on loan interest waiver and all the latest news</title>
<body >Here are todays top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times. Supreme Court seeks RBI response on loan interest waiver The decision of banks to charge interest at a time when there is a moratorium on payment of equated monthly installments or EMIs has come under judicial scanner. The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Centre and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to respond to a petition which termed such a move as unconstitutional. Read more. Delhi greenlights 11 containment zones, finds new Covid-19 hotspots Eleven Covid-19 containment zones have turned green in the national capital Delhi over the last four days, a sign that the steps taken by authorities to curtail the spread of the disease in the coronavirus hotspots were effective in many places, a senior city government official told Hindustan Times. Read more. Not his personal property: Rahul Gandhi to CM Yogi on permission to hire UP workers Former Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday described as absolutely absurd chief minister Yogi Adityanaths comment that other states will have to seek his governments permission to engage workers from Uttar Pradesh, saying people are not his personal property. Read more. Football will be hard without fans: Robin Singh on possibility of ISL, I-League behind closed doors In December 2018, India football captain Sunil Chhetri made an emotional appeal on Twitter to the Indian football fans to fill up the stadium after a match against Chinese Taipei at Intercontinental Cup 2018 in Mumbai. Read more. Salman Khan sends sheer korma ingredients as Eid treat to 5000 families, fans say Love you bhaijaan Salman Khan spread some festive cheer on Eid by sending treats to 5,000 underprivileged families amid the coronavirus pandemic. Each special kit given out by Salman contained the ingredients to make sheer korma, an Eid special delicacy. Read more. Microsoft to continue investing in Skype, new features coming soon Microsoft has been particularly focused on Teams especially during this lockdown as user activity grew exponentially. Microsoft Skype on the other hand is being overshadowed by Teams. Read more. Coronavirus pandemic: Are faceprint face masks the latest fashion accessory? The coronavirus pandemic has brought out the most innovative side of people and has turned the unassuming facemask with its one-dimensional protective purpose into a fashion accessory and a must-have. Read more. SAVs supremacy in Bihar board results ends, only 3 out of 41 in top 10 The class 10 board results of the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has brought bad news for states premiere school, Simultala Awasiya Vidyalay (SAV), which held sway in the top 10 in the last five years. Read more. How safe is flying? Vistara CCO answers | On The Record In the latest episode of On The Record, Hindustan Times Sunetra Choudhury speaks to Vistara Chief Commercial Officer Vinod Kannan. As domestic flights resume in the country after two months, Kannan talks about the safety measures they have adopted amid covid-19 crisis. Kannan also answers queries about compressed cabin air and how much extra time one should add to his/her journey. Watch here. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-s-shehnaaz-gill-fears-people-might-forget-her-the-craze-is-rather-short-lived/story-Msl1jtL97GPHbVqkYNwGOJ.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13s Shehnaaz Gill fears people might  forget her: The craze is rather short-lived</title>
<body >Bigg Boss 13 contestant Shehnaaz Gill has admitted that the craze around the reality show is short-lived and people might forget her as soon as a new season premiers with a different set of contestants. Soon after Bigg Boss 13 ended, Shehnaaz was seen on a wedding reality show Mujhse Shaadi Karoge and she even featured in a music video with Bigg Boss 13 winner Sidharth Shukla. Shehnaaz told Pinkvilla in an interview, People might forget me, the new Bigg Boss might come soon, because the craze is rather short-lived and so, I wanted to work. None the less, it is okay and if people find me talented and remember me, I will get work if people think I am fit for it and if I have good luck. If I like something, I will definitely do it, but if I dont like it, money is not what matters to me, but the good work that counts. I think on the spot and that is how my decisions are taken, and I dont have any plan. Also read:Salman Khan sends sheer korma ingredients as Eid treat to 5000 families, fans say Love you bhaijaan She went ahead to say, I want people to see the other side of me, and I want to show them that I can do a lot of things, I am an actress and I can play various kind of roles. I want to try everything so that people feel that there are so many things she can do. I want people to know that I am multi-talented and there is beyond the Shehnaaz they have seen inside the Bigg Boss house and there is a lot that she can do. Shehnaaz was unknown to national audience when she entered Bigg Boss 13 house last year. However, her antics and impulsive behaviour made her a household name within days of the shows premiere. Soon, she also developed strong bonds with popular names - co-contestants Paras Chhabra and Sidharth Shukla. She also shared a fun-filled bond with the shows host Salman Khan. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/people-will-have-high-expectations-when-sport-resumes-behind-closed-doors-simmons/story-ycsaPp2iY7cCBXzExo2ouK.html</url>
<title>People will have high expectations when sport resumes behind closed doors: Simmons</title>
<body >Starved of live sporting action for weeks owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, fans will have high expectations when sport resumes behind closed doors, feels West Indies head coach Phil Simmons. West Indies is scheduled to tour England in July and the countrys cricket board (CWI) is in the final stages of its discussions with the English counterparts to ensure that the three-Test series goes ahead as planned. I think a lot of sport, for a while, is going to go ahead in front closed doors, and I think the expectancy here is high because I think people want some kind of sport to go on, England-based Simmons was quoted as saying by Jamaica Gleaner. Sport is a part of life in England and even in the (football) Premiership, theres a lot of talk about if its going to start back soon or not. But people are looking forward to sport coming back because the one thing that youre missing here on the TV everyday is (live sport). Also read:You remind me of me:Jonty Rhodes gives huge praise to India cricketer on fielding efforts Theres a lot of old games being shown and people are enjoying that, but theyre looking forward to live sport; so theres a lot of hope it happens, but that depends on how things are put together. Gearing up for the series, both England and the West Indies players have resumed training following the coronavirus-forced hiatus. Simmons said players have been asked to maintain a certain level of fitness by working at home during the lockdown so that they dont lag behind in their preparation if the proposed tour of England goes ahead. For the past four weeks or a little bit more than that, guys have been given different programmes and have been asked to even though they are locked away  because some territories had locked down very early  (to) find a room in their house or in their backyard to do work and keep themselves at a certain level of fitness, he said. As places have opened up, guys have been, in some places, able to run on the beach, and in other places, go run outside; but the training itself has been stepped up. And even now it (Caribbean) has opened up a little more, you have a few guys who can go out and bowl on a pitch somewhere just to get their rhythm back, so thats how you have to progress. Also read:On This Day: When Ganguly  Dravid took apart Sri Lanka in Taunton The former West Indies player said some bowlers have been able to do some spot bowling and hoped players can manage something at home to be in shape ahead of the tour. I dont think that at this stage there are enough facilities open where you can go and practise, but theyre a few grounds where bowlers themselves can go and bowl, he said. There are no batsmen, only spot bowling, and we hope that this develops and develops and by the time (and) if the tour comes off and were ready to leave, everybody wouldve done something at home. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/two-air-travel-control-teams-of-mumbai-delhi-airport-quarantined-after-staff-tests-positive-for-covid-19/story-YV1LAgeQMVedkzL9b026NN.html</url>
<title>Two air traffic control teams of Mumbai, Delhi airport quarantined after staff  tests positive for Covid-19</title>
<body >Two teams of air traffic controllers (ATCOs) in Delhi and Mumbai have been put under home quarantine from Tuesday after an official of the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and the daughter of an employee in the housekeeping department tested coronavirus disease (Covid-19) positive. An assistant general manager (AGM) of the AAI in Delhi tested Covid-19 positive on Tuesday. In Mumbai, an employee from the housekeeping department is suspected to have contracted SARS-CoV-2, which causes the disease, after his daughter was infected last Saturday. ATCOs, who help pilots navigate, are working on a weekly rotational basis in a bid to prevent mass Covid-19 infection. Mumbai and Delhi have 320 and 380 ATCOs, respectively. Each team has around 25 ATCOs. The group (batch D) of ATCOs in Mumbai has been put under group quarantine from Tuesday. One of our housekeeping staff is suspected to be Covid-19 positive. His test report is expected by Tuesday evening. The team of ATCOs, who last worked with him, has been put under home quarantine from Tuesday, said a senior Mumbai airport official. The housekeeping staffs daughter tested Covid-19 positive last Saturday. Though the staff is asymptomatic, he underwent a test on the same day his daughter tested Covid-19 positive, added the official. The AAI AGM is under home quarantine after his second test result showed him Covid-19 positive on Tuesday. He is running a mild fever. However, his wife has tested negative, an AAI official said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-10th-result-2020-to-be-announced-on-may-26-at-onlinebseb-in/story-WJ7w8CfpIjLU5VPb73FNfI.html</url>
<title>Bihar 10th Result 2020 to be announced on May 26 at onlinebseb.in</title>
<body >Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB) will declare the Bihar Board class 10 result 2020 on Tuesday at 12:30 pm on its official website. Students who have appeared in the BSEB matriculation examination conducted from February 17 to 24, 2020, can check their results online at onlinebseb.in and biharboardonline.com. BSEB Chairman Anand Kishor in a press statement informed that the BSEB matric result 2020 will be announced by the state Education Minister Krishana Nandan Prasad Verma at 12:30 pm. Over 15 lakh candidates had appeared for the Bihar Board class 10th exam. Earlier, the board had announced that the Bihar Board class 10 result 2020 will be declared by the end of March or at the beginning of April. Click here to get BSEBmatric result 2020 alert How to check BSEBBihar matric result 2020: 1. Visit the official website at onlinebseb.in 2. Key in your roll number and roll code 3. The BSEB matric result 2020 will appear on the display screen 4. Download the results and take its print out for future references. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-12th-science-result/</url>
<title>bseb 12th result 2020 science</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has extended the last date to apply for Bihar Board 12th scrutiny till June 3.The Bihar Board intermediate scrutiny application began on May 8 and was scheduled to close on May 25 which has now been extended. Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) will accept online scrutiny applications from the candidates of Bihar Board intermediate examination between May 8 and 25. Two students, Sudhanshu and Kausar Fatma of C M College, Darbhanga, were declared the joint toppers in the Commerce stream, scoring 376 marks each out of 500, with their marks in percentage standing at 95.2%. For past couple of years, the BSEB toppers are called at the boards office for an interview. However, this year, it could not be possible due to lockdown imposed in state even before Prime Minister Narendra Modis address to nation on at 8 pm on Tuesday... After going through the text books, a question-based study is sine quo non for every student. This much I can say with a reasonable degree of confidence for the success of any student, said Sakshy, who nurses a dream to become an IAS officer and has... Bihar Board Intermediate science result 2020: Sharing her feelings on becoming state topper, Kumari said that she was expecting good marks but she had no idea that she will bag the highest marks among lakhs of examinees. BSEB Bihar Board intermediate result 2020:Here is the list of top five rank holders of arts, science and commerce streams. Check full details here. Bihar Board inter Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has declared the result of Class 12 board or intermediate examination. Heres how you can check it easily. BSEBBihar Board inter results 2020: Girls outsmarted the boys in all streams with overall success rate of 82.62% as compared to 71.68% of the boys. Coronavirus: Bihar Board will not provide the facility to apply for scrutiny of paper as of now, due to the lockdown in the country to prevent the spreading of coronavirus. However, the facility will be provided soon after the situation improves. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on Tuesday declared the result of the commerce-stream intermediate (Class 12) board examination on its official website. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020 has been declared for all the three streams i.e., arts , science and commerce. Here is the direct link to check the Bihar Board 12th results online. A total of 80.44% students have passed the exam. BSEBBihar Board Class 12th Science Result 2020:Bihar Board has declared intermediate science exam results online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 77.39% students have passed the examination. Neha Kumar has bagged the first rank in science... Bihar Board BSEB Class 12th Arts Result 2020 has been declared at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Sakshy Kumari has bagged the first rank inarts stream by securing 94.8%. Check full details here. Bihar Board 12th (BSEB Intermediate) Result 2020 Topper List: The class 12th or examinations examination was held between February 3 and 13, 2020 for which around 12 lakh students had registered. Bihar Board 12th Intermediate Result 2020 Declared: BSEBhas declared the results of arts, science and commerce stream exams online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 80.44% candidates have passed the exams. Candidates can check their results... BSEB Bihar Board 12th (Intermediate) Result 2020 highlights: Bihar Board has declared the 12th results of arts, science and commerce stream exams at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Around 12 lakh candidates were registered for the intermediate exams.... Bihar Board Class 10th, 12th result 2020: Bihar Board official has announced that class 10th and 12th results will be declared in the month of March- April. Latest update here. BSEB has released the answer key for the objective questions, which constitutes 50% of total marks in the examination. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-intermediate-arts-result/</url>
<title>bseb 12th result 2020 arts</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has extended the last date to apply for Bihar Board 12th scrutiny till June 3.The Bihar Board intermediate scrutiny application began on May 8 and was scheduled to close on May 25 which has now been extended. Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) will accept online scrutiny applications from the candidates of Bihar Board intermediate examination between May 8 and 25. Two students, Sudhanshu and Kausar Fatma of C M College, Darbhanga, were declared the joint toppers in the Commerce stream, scoring 376 marks each out of 500, with their marks in percentage standing at 95.2%. For past couple of years, the BSEB toppers are called at the boards office for an interview. However, this year, it could not be possible due to lockdown imposed in state even before Prime Minister Narendra Modis address to nation on at 8 pm on Tuesday... After going through the text books, a question-based study is sine quo non for every student. This much I can say with a reasonable degree of confidence for the success of any student, said Sakshy, who nurses a dream to become an IAS officer and has... Bihar Board Intermediate science result 2020: Sharing her feelings on becoming state topper, Kumari said that she was expecting good marks but she had no idea that she will bag the highest marks among lakhs of examinees. BSEB Bihar Board intermediate result 2020:Here is the list of top five rank holders of arts, science and commerce streams. Check full details here. Bihar Board inter Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has declared the result of Class 12 board or intermediate examination. Heres how you can check it easily. BSEBBihar Board inter results 2020: Girls outsmarted the boys in all streams with overall success rate of 82.62% as compared to 71.68% of the boys. Coronavirus: Bihar Board will not provide the facility to apply for scrutiny of paper as of now, due to the lockdown in the country to prevent the spreading of coronavirus. However, the facility will be provided soon after the situation improves. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on Tuesday declared the result of the commerce-stream intermediate (Class 12) board examination on its official website. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020 has been declared for all the three streams i.e., arts , science and commerce. Here is the direct link to check the Bihar Board 12th results online. A total of 80.44% students have passed the exam. BSEBBihar Board Class 12th Science Result 2020:Bihar Board has declared intermediate science exam results online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 77.39% students have passed the examination. Neha Kumar has bagged the first rank in science... Bihar Board BSEB Class 12th Arts Result 2020 has been declared at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Sakshy Kumari has bagged the first rank inarts stream by securing 94.8%. Check full details here. Bihar Board 12th (BSEB Intermediate) Result 2020 Topper List: The class 12th or examinations examination was held between February 3 and 13, 2020 for which around 12 lakh students had registered. Bihar Board 12th Intermediate Result 2020 Declared: BSEBhas declared the results of arts, science and commerce stream exams online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 80.44% candidates have passed the exams. Candidates can check their results... BSEB Bihar Board 12th (Intermediate) Result 2020 highlights: Bihar Board has declared the 12th results of arts, science and commerce stream exams at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Around 12 lakh candidates were registered for the intermediate exams.... Bihar Board Class 10th, 12th result 2020: Bihar Board official has announced that class 10th and 12th results will be declared in the month of March- April. Latest update here. BSEB has released the answer key for the objective questions, which constitutes 50% of total marks in the examination. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-bseb-intermediate-commerce-result/</url>
<title>bseb 12th result 2020 commerce</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has extended the last date to apply for Bihar Board 12th scrutiny till June 3.The Bihar Board intermediate scrutiny application began on May 8 and was scheduled to close on May 25 which has now been extended. Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) will accept online scrutiny applications from the candidates of Bihar Board intermediate examination between May 8 and 25. Two students, Sudhanshu and Kausar Fatma of C M College, Darbhanga, were declared the joint toppers in the Commerce stream, scoring 376 marks each out of 500, with their marks in percentage standing at 95.2%. For past couple of years, the BSEB toppers are called at the boards office for an interview. However, this year, it could not be possible due to lockdown imposed in state even before Prime Minister Narendra Modis address to nation on at 8 pm on Tuesday... After going through the text books, a question-based study is sine quo non for every student. This much I can say with a reasonable degree of confidence for the success of any student, said Sakshy, who nurses a dream to become an IAS officer and has... Bihar Board Intermediate science result 2020: Sharing her feelings on becoming state topper, Kumari said that she was expecting good marks but she had no idea that she will bag the highest marks among lakhs of examinees. BSEB Bihar Board intermediate result 2020:Here is the list of top five rank holders of arts, science and commerce streams. Check full details here. Bihar Board inter Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has declared the result of Class 12 board or intermediate examination. Heres how you can check it easily. BSEBBihar Board inter results 2020: Girls outsmarted the boys in all streams with overall success rate of 82.62% as compared to 71.68% of the boys. Coronavirus: Bihar Board will not provide the facility to apply for scrutiny of paper as of now, due to the lockdown in the country to prevent the spreading of coronavirus. However, the facility will be provided soon after the situation improves. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on Tuesday declared the result of the commerce-stream intermediate (Class 12) board examination on its official website. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020 has been declared for all the three streams i.e., arts , science and commerce. Here is the direct link to check the Bihar Board 12th results online. A total of 80.44% students have passed the exam. BSEBBihar Board Class 12th Science Result 2020:Bihar Board has declared intermediate science exam results online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 77.39% students have passed the examination. Neha Kumar has bagged the first rank in science... Bihar Board BSEB Class 12th Arts Result 2020 has been declared at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Sakshy Kumari has bagged the first rank inarts stream by securing 94.8%. Check full details here. Bihar Board 12th (BSEB Intermediate) Result 2020 Topper List: The class 12th or examinations examination was held between February 3 and 13, 2020 for which around 12 lakh students had registered. Bihar Board 12th Intermediate Result 2020 Declared: BSEBhas declared the results of arts, science and commerce stream exams online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 80.44% candidates have passed the exams. Candidates can check their results... BSEB Bihar Board 12th (Intermediate) Result 2020 highlights: Bihar Board has declared the 12th results of arts, science and commerce stream exams at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Around 12 lakh candidates were registered for the intermediate exams.... Bihar Board Class 10th, 12th result 2020: Bihar Board official has announced that class 10th and 12th results will be declared in the month of March- April. Latest update here. BSEB has released the answer key for the objective questions, which constitutes 50% of total marks in the examination. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-intermediate-arts-vocational-result/</url>
<title>bseb 12th result 2020 vocational</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has extended the last date to apply for Bihar Board 12th scrutiny till June 3.The Bihar Board intermediate scrutiny application began on May 8 and was scheduled to close on May 25 which has now been extended. Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) will accept online scrutiny applications from the candidates of Bihar Board intermediate examination between May 8 and 25. Two students, Sudhanshu and Kausar Fatma of C M College, Darbhanga, were declared the joint toppers in the Commerce stream, scoring 376 marks each out of 500, with their marks in percentage standing at 95.2%. For past couple of years, the BSEB toppers are called at the boards office for an interview. However, this year, it could not be possible due to lockdown imposed in state even before Prime Minister Narendra Modis address to nation on at 8 pm on Tuesday... After going through the text books, a question-based study is sine quo non for every student. This much I can say with a reasonable degree of confidence for the success of any student, said Sakshy, who nurses a dream to become an IAS officer and has... Bihar Board Intermediate science result 2020: Sharing her feelings on becoming state topper, Kumari said that she was expecting good marks but she had no idea that she will bag the highest marks among lakhs of examinees. BSEB Bihar Board intermediate result 2020:Here is the list of top five rank holders of arts, science and commerce streams. Check full details here. Bihar Board inter Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has declared the result of Class 12 board or intermediate examination. Heres how you can check it easily. BSEBBihar Board inter results 2020: Girls outsmarted the boys in all streams with overall success rate of 82.62% as compared to 71.68% of the boys. Coronavirus: Bihar Board will not provide the facility to apply for scrutiny of paper as of now, due to the lockdown in the country to prevent the spreading of coronavirus. However, the facility will be provided soon after the situation improves. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on Tuesday declared the result of the commerce-stream intermediate (Class 12) board examination on its official website. BSEB Bihar Board Class 12th Result 2020 has been declared for all the three streams i.e., arts , science and commerce. Here is the direct link to check the Bihar Board 12th results online. A total of 80.44% students have passed the exam. BSEBBihar Board Class 12th Science Result 2020:Bihar Board has declared intermediate science exam results online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 77.39% students have passed the examination. Neha Kumar has bagged the first rank in science... Bihar Board BSEB Class 12th Arts Result 2020 has been declared at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Sakshy Kumari has bagged the first rank inarts stream by securing 94.8%. Check full details here. Bihar Board 12th (BSEB Intermediate) Result 2020 Topper List: The class 12th or examinations examination was held between February 3 and 13, 2020 for which around 12 lakh students had registered. Bihar Board 12th Intermediate Result 2020 Declared: BSEBhas declared the results of arts, science and commerce stream exams online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. A total of 80.44% candidates have passed the exams. Candidates can check their results... BSEB Bihar Board 12th (Intermediate) Result 2020 highlights: Bihar Board has declared the 12th results of arts, science and commerce stream exams at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. Around 12 lakh candidates were registered for the intermediate exams.... Bihar Board Class 10th, 12th result 2020: Bihar Board official has announced that class 10th and 12th results will be declared in the month of March- April. Latest update here. BSEB has released the answer key for the objective questions, which constitutes 50% of total marks in the examination. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-class-10th-toppers-interview-son-of-vegetable-vendor-tops-wants-to-become-software-engineer/story-DEsJLRqTJywoe98qJ4URJO.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board class 10 toppers interview: Son of vegetable vendor tops, wants to become software engineer</title>
<body >Himanshu Raj, son of a vegetable vendor, has topped the Bihar Board matric (Class 10) examination 2020, the results for which were declared on Tuesday. Himanshu wants to become a software engineer. He has scored 96.20% by obtaining 481 marks out of 500. Himanshu is a student of Janta High School, Tenuaj in Rohtas district. Himanshu, who was on cloud nine after seeing his result said, Though I was expecting to bag a place in top 5, getting the top position was a surprise. I feel like I have conquered the world. Himanshus father Subhash Singh is a vegetable seller while his mother is a homemaker. Himanshu attributed his success to hard work. I studied for more than 10 hours regularly. My parents and my siblings always motivated me to study hard. They sacrificed their comforts to provide me best of the resources available so that I could concentrate on my studies, he said. In his bid to pursue his dreams, Himanshu has decided to opt for science stream in intermediate. Then I will try to get admission in reputed college for pursuing BTech, he said. Durgesh Kumar, a student of S K High School, Jitwarpur, Samastipur has secured the second rank by scoring 96%. Born in a farmers family, Durgesh has made his not-so educated parents proud. He is the youngest among four siblings. Durgesh said that he was expecting above 80% marks but getting the second rank was no less than dream coming true. He wants to prepare for IITentrance exam and become an engineer. Bihar Board 10th Result 2020: Follow Live updates here Thanks to the changed question pattern, which eliminated chances of losing marks, I was able to fetch good marks without investing much time during exam, Durgesh said. Elated over sons success, Jay Kishor Singh said I am feeling no less that any celebrity. My son has raised my status by proving his mettle. Singh said he will cooperate with his son and allow him to do whatever he would like to study in future. He said, I have opted farming which was my fathers occupation to earn livelihood. But I want that my son gets higher education and join a good office. Among girls, Juli Kumari is the first among 10 girls who have made it to the toppers list. She has scored 95.60% and jointly shares third rank with Shubham Kumar and Rajveer. Juli is one among the four siblings, three sisters and one brother. She thanked her parents for extending all support during studies and encouragement to feel free and study. My eldest sister is married but she is still continuing her studies, said added. She wants to relocate to the capital city Patna for completing her higher studies. I wish to get admission in any good college of Patna and complete my intermediate and graduation from there, she added. She said typically girls in my village opt for arts stream but she would opt for Science. She too wants to become Computer Engineer. Altogether 41 students have managed to get a place in top 10 in the results announced by the BSEB. . </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 21:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-watch-video-as-bseb-chairman-anand-kishor-gives-details/story-tVQkTFMgB2rO3WbZBnK5dI.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th Result 2020:Watch video as BSEB chairman Anand Kishor, education minister give details</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has declared the Bihar Board class 10th result 2020 on Tuesday. A total of 80.53% students passed the examination. This year, BSEB could not conduct a press conference in order to maintain social distancing. BSEBchairman Anand Kishor, education minister Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma and additional chief secretary of education department were present on the occasion. Watch  video here:  HIGHLIGHTS from Conference: BSEB matric exam was conducted from February 17 to 24 Bihar Board 10th Result can be checked at our HT Result portal or at onlinebseb.in and bihar oardonline.com. 14.9 lakh students appeared for the exam including 7.2 boys and 7.6 girls. Follow Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 Live Updates 12.04 lakh students passed the exam including 6.1 lakh boys and 5.9 lakh girls. The pass percentage this year is 80.59 Himanshu Raj of Janta High School, Rohtas bagged the first rank with 96.2% i.e., 481 out of 500. Durgesh Kumar of SK High School, Samastipur scored 480/500 to secure 2nd rank Shubham Kumar, Rajveer and Juli Kumari have bagged third rank by scoring 478/500. This year the answer sheets had the photographs of candidates printed on them and the OMR sheets were bar-coded Click here to check Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-matric-result-2020-register-to-get-alert-and-direct-link-for-bihar-board-class-10-result/story-alAgIv5xxN8hmKlNdfhASK.html</url>
<title>BSEB Matric Result 2020: Register to get alert and direct link for Bihar Board class 10 result</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) will announce the results of the Bihar Board class 10th exam tomorrow at 12:30 pm. BSEB Chairman Anand Kishore in a press statement has confirmed this. Lakhs of students are waiting for their results. Keeping in mind the coronavirus lockdown, the Bihar Board has decided to not hold a press conference for announcing the BSEB matric results. Instead of the conference, BSEB will be declaring the class 10 results online. For the convenience of students, Hindustan Times also allows students to check the results of the Bihar Board Matric on its website. For this, Students will have to register themselves for free by entering their name, email address, and mobile number on which they want to receive the alert. And as soon as the results are declared, students will get an SMS with a direct link to check the BSEB class 10 results. Heres the direct link for registration. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-not-to-be-announced-today-anand-kishor/story-buBrsfiEbpMEUNGk2SShKP.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th result 2020 not to be announced today</title>
<body >Bihar Board 10th result has again been delayed. BSEBchairman Anand Kishor has told Indian Express that the post- evaluation work of board result is still left and it might take four to five days to complete it. It is expected that the result will be declared anytime after Monday. Lakhs of students were anxiously waiting for their results onFriday . They will have to wait for few more days to get the Bihar Board 10th result 2020. BSEBhas already completed the toppers verification process and the board is busy in some post-evaluation work. Once the pending work is completed, the Bihar board students will get their results online at biharboard.online or biharboard.ac.in. Many students took to Twitter to request the board officials to announce their results as early as possible. Earlier it was expected that the result will be declared on Friday by 6 pm. However, the board officials did not give any update regarding this and could not be contacted after several attempts. After the Bihar Board 10th result is declared, students can check their results by keying in their roll code, roll number and registration number on the official websites as mentioned above. Click here for full coverage </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 09:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-result-2020-soon-few-things-you-should-know-now/story-BzAGSUMVn27dUz5aHUhiCO.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th result 2020 soon, important things you should know now</title>
<body >The Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) is expected to announce the results of the class 10 examination on Friday at around 6 pm on its official website. Students can check Bihar Board class 10 examination results online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in after its declaration. Last year toppers mostly from SAV Sawan Raj Bharti of Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya (SAV) in Jamui had topped the BSEB Class 10th examination 2019. He had scored 97.2%. Out of the top 10 students in the merit list, 9 were from Simultala Awasiya Vidyalaya (SAV) in Jamui. Last years pass percentage vs Pass percentage in 2018 Last year, the Bihar Board 10th Result was declared on April 6 in which 80.73% of students passed. The pass percentage was 11.84% higher than the 2018 BSEB matric pass percentage of 68.89%. How to choose stream after results are out Students should choose their stream of studies based on their interest. If a students likes arts he should arts in Class 11. Many students who dont select subjects according to their liking face difficulties later on in life. However, candidates should also try and understand what is the scope of that subject in the future and how will they plan their career. Some details about the BSEB 10th examination BSEB conducted the Bihar Board class 10 examinations from February 17 to 24, in which around 15 lakh students appeared. Last year a total of 16 lakh 60 thousand 609 candidates had registered for the BSEB Matric board exam. Out of which, 8 lakh 42 thousand 888 candidates had appeared in first sitting while in the second sitting 8 lakh 17 thousand 722 candidates appeared. Click here for full coverage on Bihar Board 10th Result 2020 </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 17:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/ugc-okays-proposal-to-allow-students-pursue-2-degree-courses-simultaneously/story-dxMEyPW3zHhPVppkoGd9VP.html</url>
<title>UGC okays proposal to allow students pursue 2 degree courses simultaneously</title>
<body >Students will soon be able to pursue two degree courses simultaneously in same or different streams, with the University Grants Commission (UGC) giving its nod to a proposal in this regard, according to officials. However, one of the two degrees will have to be pursued through regular mode and the other has to be through online distance learning (ODL). The proposal was approved in the recent commission meeting for simultaneous dual degrees for students in India, allowing students to complete courses in the same or different streams at the same time. One of the two degrees, however, has to be through regular mode and the other has to be through online distance learning, UGC Secretary Rajnish Jain said. He said that an official notification will be issued soon in this regard. The UGC had last year set up a panel headed by its Vice Chairman, Bhushan Patwardhan, to examine the issue of pursuing two degree programmes simultaneously from the same university or different universities either through distance mode, online mode or part-time mode. However, this is not the first time the commission was examining the issue. The UGC had set up a committee in 2012 as well and consultations were held on the same but ultimately the idea was junked. The 2012 committee headed by then Vice Chancellor of the Hyderabad University, Furqan Qamar, had recommended that a student enrolled in a degree programme under regular mode may be allowed to pursue a maximum of one additional degree programme simultaneously under open or distance mode from the same or a different university. However, two degree programmes under regular mode may not be allowed simultaneously as it may create logistic, administrative and academic problems. A student pursuing a degree programme under regular mode may be allowed to pursue a maximum of one certificate, diploma, advanced diploma, PG diploma programme simultaneously either in regular or open and distance mode in the same university or from other institutions, the panel report had then said. According to UGC officials, the commission had then sought comments of the statutory councils on the committees report and the responses received did not endorse the idea of allowing students to pursue multiple degree programmes simultaneously. Hence the plan did not take off. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 19:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/goa-university-moves-to-achieve-ugc-s-25pc-digital-content-target/story-zTA7zqtpoAeBI0BNfYoXhO.html</url>
<title>Goa university moves to achieve UGCs 25%  digital content target</title>
<body >With social distancing set to be the norm in academics, Goa University is working on different models of e-classrooms in order to achieve UGCs target creating 25 per cent digital teaching content, a senior official said. Vice Chancellor Professor Varun Sahani has set up a Digital Transition Committee for this comprising deans of faculties and schools under the university, and it has started evaluating solutions for online teaching and conducting of remote examinations, said Ramrao Wagh, member secretary on the committee and director of Digital Learning Initiative of Goa University. The committee has been working on learning management system on how to offer courses, conduct presentation sand video lectures. The push for taking classes from real to virtual has come from the COVID-19 situation and the need for social distancing, he added. Wagh also pointed out the University Grants Commission has mandated that every teacher has to create at least 25 per cent of the teaching content in digital format. The committee is working to provide solutions for 2,000-odd students who arrive at Goa University campus. The university offers 34 courses. Goa University has already announced its academic year will start from August due to the lockdown in place for the outbreak. Wagh said the university has its studio for distance learning, which can be used to generate digital content, and teachers will be asked to record their classes, for which online training has already begun. These lectures will be on Youtube and the universitys website will have links, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 17:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/ugc-issues-helpline-email-address-for-redressal-of-grievances-related-to-covid-19/story-JKAgpdzNUJ5vGGLfmoVhLK.html</url>
<title>UGC issues helpline, email address for redressal of grievances related to COVID-19</title>
<body >After issuing guidelines for the examination and academic calendar on April 29, the University Grants Commission (UGC) on Sunday requested all educational institutes to establish a cell for handling grievances of the students related to the Covid-19 pandemic. A notice regarding this has been uploaded on the commissions official website. According to the notification, the commission has issued a special helpline number:-011-23236374, and e-mail: covid19help.ugc@gmail.com for handling grievances of the students related to the examination and other academic activities arising due to the coronavirus pandemic. Students can also lodge their grievances on the existing online students Grievance Redressal Portal of UGC. The commission has also constituted a task force to monitor concerns of students, teachers, and institutions, and redress them accordingly. The commission has further requested all varsity and colleges to upload the notice on their respective official website, and also share it with the teaching and student community via email and other digital media for students and teachers. </body>
<date >Updated: May 11, 2020 10:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/jnu-vice-chancellor-lauds-ugc-guidelines/story-W3NunCCXZDU7iNT6n25xrI.html</url>
<title>JNU Vice Chancellor lauds UGC guidelines</title>
<body >Welcoming the guidelines issued by the University Grants Commission (UGC) on examinations and academic calendar in view of COVID-19 pandemic and the subsequent lockdown, Vice Chancellor of Jawaharlal Nehru University Jagadesh Kumar Mamidala said the guidelines are a fresh breather to the students and also the educational institutes. Mamidala said the guidelines take into account the diverse conditions and requirements of higher educational institutions. These guidelines emphasize the need to follow the measures taken by the government to contain the spread of COVID-19 while making sure that the educational processes continue by an effective use of various available technological options, Mamidala said. He also defended rescheduling of academic calendar as suggested by the UGC. It makes sense to reschedule the academic calendar 2019-2020 because after the lockdown is lifted, it will take some time for the students to complete their examinations and move on to the next academic session, he added. In a set of guidelines issued on Wednesday, the UGC recommended that college sessions should begin in August for current students and in September for new ones. Commenting on the examinations and the methods suggested by UGC, Mamidala said these guidelines would complete examinations without diluting the academic rigour. The guidelines also suggest a flexible approach to complete the examinations without diluting the academic rigour and keeping the interests of the students in mind, he said. For the matters related to examination, the UGC allowed the universities to chart out their own plan of action, but suggested grading intermediate semester students on internal assessment of the present and previous semesters. In states where the COVID-19 situation has normalized, there will be exams in July, the UGC recommended. The six-month extension for the submission of thesis/dissertations by research scholars is particularly welcome, Mamidala said. On the liberty given to universities by the UGC to alter, add or modify guidelines, Mamidala said, This will suit the local situations and preparedness of the Universities. The UGC-issued guidelines were based on recommendations made by an expert committee to deliberate on issues related to exams and the academic calendar and take appropriate measures for the future of students. The expert committee was headed by Prof. R.C. Kuhad, Former Member, UGC and Vice Chancellor, Central University of Haryana, Mahendragarh, Haryana along with other members. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 30, 2020 17:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/ugc-asks-varsities-to-use-internal-assessments-if-exams-not-possible/story-hsSItj920PU8UBC9yJP5bN.html</url>
<title>UGC asks varsities to use internal assessments if exams not possible</title>
<body >Universities facing difficulty in holding exams due to COVID-19 should grade students on the basis of internal assessment and performance in the previous semester, higher education sector regulator UGC has decided. In guidelines finalised after long deliberations, the higher education sector regulator has provided that in case the previous semesters result is not available, particularly in the first year, 100% evaluation may be done on the basis of internal assessments. The internal evaluation can be continuous evaluation, prelims, mid-semester, internal evaluation or whatever name is given for student progression, the University Grants Commission. The guidelines are advisory in nature. The UGC has suggested that examinations be held in May and June while July can be the month of summer vacations. The next academic cycle would begin from August 2. The UGC has suggested that the academic year 2020-21 begin from August for second and third year students and in September for new joinees. Universities may adopt efficient and innovative modes of examinations by reducing the time from 3 hours to 2 hours, it said. . The students should be informed well in advance (at least one week) about the conduct of examinations and other related activities. The regulator, however, also provided that students who want to improve their grades should be allowed another opportunity, whenever circumstances allow, and also there should be a grievance redressal mechanism put in place by the varsities. The UGC will establish a Help Line for monitoring student grievances. Where it is difficult to hold exams, universities can mark students 50% on the basis of the pattern of internal evaluation and the remaining 50% marks can be awarded on the basis of performance in previous semester, the guidelines said. The internal evaluation can be continuous evaluation, prelims, mid-semester, internal evaluation or whatever name is given for student progression, the regulator said. Period of lockdown will be treated as deemed to be attended by all the students. The universities may conduct the practical examinations and Viva-Voce Examinations through Skype or other meeting apps, and in case of intermediate semesters, the practical examinations may be conducted during the ensuing semesters, the guidelines suggest. They also allow for extension of six months period to the M Phil or PhD students. The UGC has held July as the month for vacations and the next session begins from August. Universities will follow a six-day-week schedule. Students will be given exposure to laboratory assignments or practical experiments through virtual laboratories, sharing of the recorded visuals of laboratory work and digital resources available for the purpose. Varsities should also develop virtual classroom and video conferencing facility and all teaching staff should be trained with the use of the technology. Among others things UGC has recommended that uiversities should prepare e-content/e-lab experiments and upload on their websites. They have also been asked to strengthen the mechanism of mentor-mentee counselling. Universities may devise a proforma to record the Travel or Stay history of the staff and students for the period when they were away from the university due to lockdown. Faculty should be adequately trained for the use of ICT and online teaching tools, so that they complete about 25% of the syllabus through online teaching and 75% syllabus through face to face teaching, the UGC has also recommended. The guidelines also mention that some of the universities lack adequate IT infrastructure for conducting online examinations. The hiring of private agencies for conducting online examinations also does not seem feasible in view of the fact that examinations are to be conducted simultaneously by all the universities. Therefore, keeping in view the basic infrastructure available at the level of the institutions and accessibility of internet to the students, especially in remote areas, it is not feasible to uniformly adopt the online mode of examination at this juncture. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 30, 2020 00:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/coronavirus-ugc-constitutes-committee-for-promoting-online-learning/story-oSNW1tzVwZUvQUaQqHYf7N.html</url>
<title>Coronavirus: UGC constitutes committee for promoting online learning</title>
<body >Amid the nation-wide lockdown, the University Grants Commission (UGC) has constituted two committees to look after the examinations and academic calendar, and to promote online learning. Speaking to ANI, D P Singh, UGC Chairman said, As far as the students are concerned, I wish to inform you that for them we have constituted two committees. Students are worried about their exams. They are also worried about future prospects and their admissions in higher classes, so one committee has been constituted to look after the examination and academic calendar. He said that under the lockdown situation, it is essential to think about how the prescribed syllabus can be completed, what type of examination system would be followed, and the steps universities will take in the interest of the students. On the basis of the committees suggestion which we will be receiving next week, we will issue the guidelines for universities with the consultation of the MHRD, he added. Another committee is very important that is related to students, teachers and education system as a whole is to promote online education which is need of the hour. We have to maintain social distancing therefore online learning and e-education is only way out, said UGC chairman. UGC Chairman also appealed to all universities of students and teachers to download the Arogya Setu APP in order to fight COVID-19. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 13, 2020 09:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/pgimer-calls-for-more-blood-donations-in-wake-of-covid-19/story-hfjjCvjTznuyqeB2H1vQuL.html</url>
<title>PGIMER calls for more blood donations in wake of Covid-19</title>
<body >Apprehending a dip in blood donation and collection after the coronavirus outbreak, the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) has written to the central government to devise a strategy to encourage people to donate blood. Dr Ratti Ram Sharma, head department of transfusion medicine, PGIMER, has written to the director of National Blood Transfusion Council under the Union ministry of health and family welfare stating that in view of the present viral pandemic Covid -19, various blood donor organisations are apprehensive about organising blood donation camps due to messages being circulated through various agencies advising people against mass gatherings. But at the same time holding blood donation camps is important which must go on to maintain adequate inventory of blood and blood components to cater to the patients needs in various hospitals, the letter states. The institute has requested that the authorities concerned should be apprised of the impact of advisories on mass gatherings on blood supply and necessary approvals for generating awareness among the general public through various channels to keep on coming for voluntary blood donation during the pandemic. The department of Transfusion Medicine, PGIMER, Chandigarh provides round the clock support for blood and blood components requirements for needy and critically ill patients from the northern region as well as from all over India. For this, the department collects around 60,000 units of blood annually and supplies more than 1.5 lakh blood components. The major (90%) source is healthy voluntary donors in the region. The recent advisories from government and University Grants Commission to avoid gathering of large number of people at any given moment does not discourage voluntary blood donation activity. Since blood donation is planned and carried in a staggered manner, in small numbers, observing all due precautions that are advised for mitigating the spread of disease, the department said. Department of transfusion medicine, PGIMER, has urged voluntary blood donors and social organisations to come forward to donate blood with preference to donate at the Blood Donation Centre at PGI, Chandigarh (Room Number 107, Advanced Trauma Centre, Nehru Hospital, PGI) and in small camps following precautions. The Blood Donation Centre functions from 9am to 8pm on all days, including Saturdays and Sundays. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 14, 2020 00:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/coronavirus-scare-visva-bharati-postpones-vasanta-utsav-introduced-by-rabindranath-tagore/story-QzFHttURlzA85zJM7hGwvM.html</url>
<title>Coronavirus scare: Visva Bharati postpones Vasanta Utsav introduced by Rabindranath Tagore</title>
<body >Visva Bharati authorities at Santiniketan in West Bengal have postponed the Vasanta Utsav celebrations scheduled on Holi day on March 9 to avoid large public gathering of people in the wake of coronavirus scare. Vasanta Utsav was introduced by Rabindranath Tagore himself at Visva Bharati which was also founded by him. The decision to cancel the festival was taken in the universitys executive council meeting on Friday a day after the University Grants Commission advised all universities and colleges across the country to avoid large gatherings as a precautionary measure against the disease. We received a UGC advisory on Thursday in which universities and colleges were advised not to allow any large gatherings. The executive council members today held a meeting which last for more than four hours. A decision has been taken to postpone of the Vasanta Utsav to prevent any kind of outbreak of the disease, said Anirban Sircar, the universitys public relations officer. While more than two lakh people gathered at the Santiniketan in 2019, authorities were expecting around four lakh people this year. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has also announced that he will not participate in any holi milan events in the wake of coronavirus scare. He cited experts advice against mass gatherings to contain the spread of disease. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 06, 2020 20:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/stress-buster-central-university-to-give-option-to-students-to-pick-exam-dates/story-LwnqkSixUUVuLmjk7T03bI.html</url>
<title>STRESS-BUSTER Central university to give option to students to pick exam dates</title>
<body >The novel plan will be tested in upcoming May exam before adopting it as regular feature Students of Central University of Punjab (CUP) here will soon have an option to appear in examinations on the days of their preference. Registrar Kanwal Pal Mundra told HT that as per the proposal, the university will only release examination schedule and students will have the flexibility to choose dates to write their tests. He said the novel plan will be tested for the first time in the forthcoming semester examination in May to assess its shortcomings before adopting it as a regular feature. The brainchild of vice-chancellor Prof RK Kohli, the proposal is being introduced to help students manage examination-related stress. The proposed system will also benefit students in a situation when dates of University Grants Commission (UGC) entrance tests and other exams clash with universitys academic schedules, said Mundra, who also holds the charge of the controller of examination (CoE). If a student wishes, we can allow her or him to take more than one or even all exams on a single day, he adds. To handle the possibility of repetition of question papers, the university is relying upon an automated paper setter. Software is being developed by our in-house team to have a smooth examination system. It will take care of generating separate question papers of the same subject taken on different days. The proposed system will be studied for improvements, he said. Faculty members say as a section of students are subjected to stress caused by the conventional examination system, the universitys initiative is a positive reform to boost the capability of students. SPEEDY PAPER CHECKING Mundra said the university had also introduced an organised examination system from the last semester that enables it to declare results within a record period of three days of completion of examinations. The CUP, established in 2009, has about 1,500 students enrolled in 42 different postgraduate programmes. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 09, 2020 21:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/ad-hocism-continues-punjabi-university-v-c-assigns-additional-charges-to-faculty/story-7RDjUiTKl8WTpoqRe9mNSJ.html</url>
<title>Ad hocism continues: Punjabi University V-C assigns additional charges to faculty</title>
<body >Ad hocism in running varsity affairs continues for yet another year as Punjabi University vice-chancellor (V-C) Prof BS Ghuman gave charges of important posts, including controller examination and director human resource centre, to faculty members on temporary basis, in Patiala on Sunday. The university gave charges of controller examination, a prominent non-teaching post, to computer science professor, Dr Kanwaljit Singh. Similarly, Dr Manruchi Kaur, professor of botany, is to take charge as director human resource centre, a post that requires dealing with the University Grants Commission (UGC) Centre for Training of Faculty. As per orders, both are to remain on the said posts until further orders. With this, the Punjabi University now has no permanent appointees for the posts of dean academic affairs, registrar, director public relations, dean students welfare, and director cultural affairs. All these posts are being run on stop-gap arrangement. Dean research Dr GS Batra has the additional charges of dean academic affairs. Law professor Dr MS Nijjar is holding the post of registrar, another prominent non-teaching post, from the past three years. The universitys examination system is in tatters as there is no accountability as ad hocism is prevalent in the department. The post of controller is vacant since three years after the then controller was selected as the information commissioner. In this period, the varsity has done nothing to fill the post, said officials, pleading anonymity. Now, the university has given charges to professors who had earlier worked here, but failed to deliver results. There is a need to undertake computerisation and end manual work for quick declaration of results, they added. Punjabi University Teachers Association general secretary Gurnam Virk said, The V-C is not listening to PUTA. Ad hocism at top posts is adversely affecting work of the university. When no one has a fixed term for a post and is working on ad hoc basis, they wont perform as per capacity. Academic matters, teachers issues including promotions, and handling non-teaching activities, all are suffering. PUTA has raised issues of promotion and suffering of students at hands of the examination department multiple times, Virk added. He said that PUTA will urge the V-C to end ad hocism. The university has not even been able to hold convocation since three years. What could be worse? he added. V-C Prof Ghuman could not be contacted for comments on the matter. However, officials said that the orders of giving charge of controller examination and director human resource centre to the said faculty members was issued as directed by the V-C. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 01, 2020 22:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/anomalies-in-working-of-punjabi-varsity-inquiry-reports-to-be-discussed-in-next-syndicate-meet/story-chOoy9xpafjPvEjMVWAbnO.html</url>
<title>Anomalies in working of Punjabi varsity: Inquiry reports to be discussed in next Syndicate meet</title>
<body >Almost three years on, the Punjabi University is yet to fix responsibility and take action against the erring officials and employees on the basis of findings of the inquiry reports related to allegations of corruption, nepotism and misuse of funds during 2007-2017. In a Syndicate meeting in August last year, a three-member subcommittee was formed to look into the findings of the inquiry reports compiled by a two-member probe panel, which included former IAS officer Jagjit Puri and former IPS officer VK Kapoor, as recommended by vice-chancellor (V-C)Prof BS Ghuman, to fix responsibility on the erring officials. V-C yet to take action Sources said that the committee found that the complaints of hiring 64 teachers in violation of the University Grants Commissions (UGC) rules, financial and administrative irregularities, hiring some candidates on forged caste certificates, were correct and asked the V-C to take action by fixing responsibility on the officials concerned. A former official, pleading anonymity, said, I have given noting on the file that some caste certificates seem to be fake. A candidate had made a caste certificate on the basis of the caste of her husband, while the Supreme Court states that caste is by birth. However, my advise was ignored. The subcommittee reports, submitted in 2018, propose that the university should initiate action on the basis of the inquiry reports involving financial irregularities and causing financial dent to the universitys fiscal health. However, no action has been taken since then. V-C Prof Ghuman said that some of the reports were discussed in the last Syndicate meeting while the rest will be discussed in the meeting scheduled for March. Let me promise this through the media that the guilty, whosoever they might be, will be punished, he added. He said that he has asked the Syndicate to hold a meeting in the first week of March. 12 PROBES WERE ORDERED Following the resignation of former vice-chancellor (V-C) Dr Jaspal Singh in March 2017, the then secretary higher education Anurag Verma was appointed as the officiating V-C. Verma had received complaints of alleged irregularities in the universitys functioning from 2007 to 2017. These included allegations of nepotism, corruption, and bungling of funds in the examination branch, among other issues. On the basis of these complaints, Verma had ordered 14 internal inquiries in April, 2017. The sealed reports of these were handed over to incumbent V-C Prof BS Ghuman in December, 2017. The V-C had formed a two-member committee, comprising of former IAS officer Jagjit Puri and former IPS officer VK Kapoor, to further investigate the internal inquiry reports. The panel had submitted its sealed findings to the university in July, 2018. The varsity syndicate had not opened inquiry report related to purchase of fire extinguishers worth 80 lakh. The reports included alleged illegal recruitment of 65 assistant professors between 2009 to 2016, a flawed procedure in recruiting assistant professors at constituent colleges, giving priority to waiting list candidates in teaching and non-teaching departments, recruitment of outsourced employees, recruitment of teachers on fake SC/BC certificates, purchase of paper case and answer book case at higher prices, giving undue promotions, faulty purchase of software distant education department and examination branch, incorrect pay fixation, and giving service extensions to retiree employees. A senior official privy to inside information, pleading anonymity, said that the inquiry reports submitted by two-member probe panel came as dejection. Instead of suggesting stringent actions and logical conclusion, the reports mentioned advisories for the university to avoid such negligence in future. To further examine these reports, a three-member subcommittee was formed, an official said. </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 21, 2020 23:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/panjab-university-to-provide-benefit-of-past-services-to-teachers/story-iraEP9RBRbOoPpjZjyQdCP.html</url>
<title>Panjab University to provide benefit of past services to teachers</title>
<body >Panjab University (PU) has decided to provide benefits of past services to teachers with pending  cases who claimed that their past experience was not counted. In the latest communication issued to all heads of departments and regional centres by the university administration, vice-chancellor Raj Kumar has approved the procedure to be followed for the finalisation of cases for counting of past service under University Grants Commission (UGC) guidelines. Also, a central committee headed by varsitys dean university instructions (DUI) has been constituted, that will decide on the eligibility of the cases. The policy will be viable with effect from January 1, 2006, to December 31, 2015. The issue of counting of past services of teachers at Panjab University arose in 2017 when over 100 university professors submitted their papers, claiming that their past services were not counted while considering the promotion of teachers under the career advancement scheme (CAS).Now, according to the procedure, the eligible candidates will submit the applications to the chairpersons of their departments. The departments will send all such cases to the establishment branch which will place those cases before the central committee for screening. Later all such cases will be sent to the department concerned for pre-screening and checking the eligibility as per guidelines. President, Panjab University Teachers Association (PUTA), professor Rajesh Gill, said, This is hard earned achievement of teachers. It was a long-pending demand. I hope this will benefit the teaching community. The move came after the matter was deliberated in the syndicate meet on October 16, 2019, wherein it was resolved that a committee will be constituted to frame rules to define transit period (in consonance with the UGC regulations) in cases where the persons, who have applied through proper channel, join the university service after serving in other institutions/organisations. According to the policy approved by the syndicate as per the UGC regulation, the essential qualifications of the post held were not lower than the qualifications prescribed by the UGC, AICTE or any other regulatory body as applicable at that time for assistant professor, associate professor and professor.For applying for the benefit under counting of past service, the candidates have to apply through proper channel. </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 19, 2020 00:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/there-is-another-untold-side-to-the-jnu-saga/story-pBtHG8sTbh3eLiWnW8HrGM.html</url>
<title>There is another, untold, side to the JNU saga</title>
<body >On January 5, the atmosphere of anarchy prevailing in the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) for over two months culminated in mob violence. But to understand what happened that day, it is important to dive into recent history and tell a story that has been buried under dominant media narrative. For over two months, JNU has been under lockdown thanks to the Left parties. The trigger was the universitys decision to increase hostel utility charges to account for a deficit that the University Grants Commission (UGC) refused to fund. The process began in 2016, but the Left-led Jawaharlal Nehru University Students Union (JNUSU) was not interested in this. On October 28, 2019, JNUSU members barged into a meeting of the Inter-Hall Administration, and disrupted the proceedings. The JNUSU wasnt invited as its not a notified body this year due to a legal case. Attempts to consult the elected representatives of hostels was blocked by the JNUSU. When the health of the dean of students deteriorated due to high blood pressure, he was mocked, and an ambulance was not allowed to come in. Later, he and his family were held hostage for hours at the basic health centre. The houses of wardens and provosts were systematically attacked at night, their families were threatened in order to force them to resign from the committee, and sign fake minutes of meeting. Muslim wardens were specifically singled out for communal shaming for working with the sanghi administration. Even a pregnant warden and those with small children were not spared. Professors were held hostage in classrooms, and a woman professor was detained for 29 hours. She was abused and her clothes torn. CCTV cameras were broken and masked Left-wing protestors shut down libraries, schools, laboratories and offices. Students and faculty who tried to enter or reason with them were physically stopped and threatened. Even after the ministry of human resource development intervened, and the fee increase was substantially rolled back, nothing changed as protestors moved onto the next demand  the removal of the vice-chancellor, M Jagadesh Kumar. The administrative block was vandalised, and hate graffiti were written on the statue of Vivekananda. The end-semester exams were not allowed to be held. Professors who tried to go ahead with the exams were manhandled, and students were warned of dire consequences. Masked protesters tried to burn answer sheets. On November 16, female security guards at the administration block were beaten. On December 14, a mob attacked Kumar. There was, then, a united Left call for boycott of registration for the new semester in January.On seeing some students defy them as the online registration route was opened by the university, masked cadre destroyed the server room on January 4. This lead to the first round of skirmishes between the Left and main opposition, the Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarathi Parishad (ABVP) as its members protested against the vandalism. The same evening, masked Left cadre assaulted non-Left faculty members at the School of Languages. The situation reached a boiling point on January 5, the last day of the registration. With hundreds of students trying to register, the Left resorted to physical threats and intimidation. This set off the second bout of violence with ABVP activists. Later around 3 pm, more than 150-strong masked Left mob, led by the JNUSU president, allegedly unleashed indiscriminate violence against ABVP members on the campus. Dozens were understoood to be beaten up and hostel rooms were attacked. Bleeding students hid on the rooftops, mess and wherever they could for more than an hour to escape the repeated assault attempts. The campus descended into anarchy. As darkness fell, there was alleged retaliation from the ABVP against the Left cadre. It was only then there was a media outcry. By then, the prime victims of violence were termed goons and those who held the campus hostage for three months became innocent victims. The media forgot that Left is a hegemonic force in JNU. Its cadre hugely outnumber the ABVP and other non-Left parties. By focusing only on the Lefts version of events, the media is reinforcing this power structure. Its an act of deliberate oppression. It is the students who support the ABVP, not the Left cadre, who had to flee the campus for safety. Those who escaped are being threatened that their turn is coming soon. Female ABVP members are being abused. Dalit and other marginalised members of ABVP are being socially boycotted and thrown out of the hostel and department WhatsApp groups. There is an atmosphere of fear among common students. Students are removing Diwali decorations with swastikas from doors and walls, fearing that the Left cadre may target their rooms next time. Its time the media puts aside their prejudices and take a stand that all violence must be condemned. Abhinav Prakash Singh is an assistant professor at SRCC, Delhi University The views expressed are personal </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 10, 2020 19:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/pu-committee-approves-2-years-re-employment-for-disabled-employees-after-retirement/story-PuqXiuhzJHb9mIxFRzejNO.html</url>
<title>PU committee approves 2 years re-employment for disabled employees after retirement</title>
<body >A Panjab University panel approved a re-employment period of two years for disabled employees after reaching the retirement age of 60. A committee was constituted last year in regard to the extension for physically disabled employees. PU has around 40 physically disabled employees. If approved by the varsity syndicate, the recommendation of the committee will be applicable to all the future disabled employees of PU, teaching and non-teaching. A member of the committee, pleading anonymity said, The case was put forth in the syndicate meeting last year but after a decision could not be made, a committee was constituted in this regard. In the meeting held on Thursday, it was decided that two years of re-employment with full benefits should be given to the disabled employees of the university after reaching the retirement age. The issue dates back to 2017 when professor Vijay Nagapal submitted that as per a circular issued by the Centre, the retirement age for physically-challenged persons has been increased by two years. He said that the extension in service has been given as per the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995. The matter was taken in the meeting of the varsitys board of finance (BoF) in November 2017 but was not approved at that time. Nagapal, whose lower body is completely disabled, gave a representation on August 9, 2016, for an extension of two years as he was about to retire in 2017. He also filed a civil writ petition (CWP) in the Punjab and Haryana High Court this year, where PU submitted that the case would be referred to the BoF, as no reply had been received from the University Grants Commission (UGC). In 2019, a non-teaching employee of the varsitys botany department had filed a petition in the high court seeking two years extension of service. The court directed PU to decide on the matter. </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 10, 2020 01:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-bseb-class-10th-result-2020-how-to-check-matric-scores/story-XkZn3putpoGYIvgm79LN2L.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board BSEB Class 10th result 2020 : How to check Matric scores</title>
<body >The Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) is likely to declare the results of class 10 examination today around 6 pm on its official website. Students who have appeared in the BSEB matriculation examination can check their results online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in, after it is declared. This year, over 15 lakh students have appeared for the Bihar Board matric exam. Last year a total of 16 lakh 60 thousand 609 candidates had registered for the BSEBMatric board exam. How to check BSEBmatric result 2020: 1. Visit the official website at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in 2. On the homepage, click on the link that reads Bihar Board matric result 2020 3. Alogin page will appear 4. Key in credentials and login 5. Your Bihar Board class 10 Result 2020 will appear on the display screen 6. Download the result and take its print out for future reference. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 14:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-bihar-10th-result-2020-within-a-week-evaluation-almost-complete-official/story-vAL8WrZbntMHOXfZF1lmuM.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th Result: BSEB Matric result within a week, evaluation almost complete, says official</title>
<body >The Bihar School examination board (BSEB)  is expected to announce the results of  class 10 or matriculation examinations within a few days. Talking to Hindustan Times on Friday, a BSEB official, on conditions of anonymity, said that the evaluation process of the answersheets of matric students is almost over and the board is expected to declare the results within a week. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor had earlier informed HT that the Bihar board class 10 result is likely to be declared after May 20. Also Read: BSEB likely to declare Class 10 results after May 20 After the evaluation is completed, the marks will be compiled by the board and topper list will be prepared.The top 10 rank holders will be called by the board for physical verification. This year, the board will conduct the toppers interview through video conferencing due to coronavirus pandemic. The video conferencing is expected to be conducted in coming two to three days. Also Read: Bihar Board 10th paper evaluation begins tomorrow, will take 7 days to finish work, says BSEBchairperson BSEB is using advance software to prepare database and result which is 15 times faster than other software. This software was designed by Information Technology department of the board, the board official had earlier said. BSEB has resumed evaluation of remaining answersheets on May 6 across 169 evaluation centres in the state. Over 15 lakh students have taken the matriculation exam held across 1368 exam centres, which was conducted from February 17 to February 24. BSEB has already declared result of intermediate examination on March 24. </body>
<date >Updated: May 15, 2020 19:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-stet-re-exam-2019-answer-key-released-raise-objections-till-may-4/story-GkTDgGO9jgGHNSmZXMYNuL.html</url>
<title>Bihar STET re-exam 2019 answer key released, raise objections till May 4</title>
<body >Bihar school examination board (BSEB) has released the answer key of Bihar STET re-exam 2019 on its official website. Candidates who have appeared in the re-examination can check their answer key and raise objections online at biharboardonline.com on or before May 4, 2020. The answer key has been released for all the sets of all the subjects of paper I and Paper II. The BSEB had conducted the Bihar STET re-exam 2019 on February 26, 2020. Candidates can raise their objections, if any, by providing appropriate references, and it must be noted that the representation received after the stipulated time will not be considered. Heres the direct link to check the Bihar STET re-exam answer key. </body>
<date >Updated: May 02, 2020 18:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-stet-re-exam-2019-answer-key-to-be-released-on-may-1/story-sUucc8l4pWx3gvd8eWL93N.html</url>
<title>Bihar STET re-exam 2019 answer key to be released on May 1</title>
<body >The answer key of Bihar STET re-exam 2019 will be released on May 1. The answer key will be released for all the sets of all the subjects of paper I and Paper II. The Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) had conducted Bihar STET re-exam 2019 on February 26, 2020. Also Read: Bihar STETRe- Exam 2020 today, full details here The answer key will be uploaded on the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) website biharboardonline.com and will be there till May 4. Candidates can raise objections against the answer keys between May 1 and May 4. The objections can be raised only through the online mode and any representation received after the stipulated time will not be considered. Bihar STET exam 2019 was conducted on January 28 but was cancelled in four centres. So the re-exam had to be conducted for the candidates of the cancelled centres. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 30, 2020 19:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-bihar-board-10th-result-2020-answer-sheet-evaluation-delayed-further/story-Ey6m0LNep0zrIX0p0IXvPN.html</url>
<title>BSEB Bihar Board 10th result 2020: Answer sheet evaluation delayed further</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has further postponed the evaluation of papers of class 10th board exams till May 3. The decision has been taken after Prime Minister Narendra Modi extended the lockdown from April 14 to May 3 to reduce chances of the further spread of coronavirus disease. Earlier, the evaluation of class 10th board exam answer sheets were suspended till April 14. Also Read: Bihar Board 10th result 2020 will be declared only after the lockdown ends BSEB informed about the postponement of evaluation through a press release, on Wednesday. With the postponement of evaluation, Class 10 students of Bihar Board will have to wait a little longer for their results. Bihar Board has already declared the class 12th results on March 24. The board has set up a total of 100 evaluation centres in Bihar and deputed over 20,000 evaluators to check the answer sheets of the students. Click here for full coverage on Bihar board (BSEB) result 2020 </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 15, 2020 15:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/onlinebseb-in-checking-bihar-board-bseb-intermediate-12th-result-2020-made-easy/story-mYlj2Xx4NjUAduDghRwKyN.html</url>
<title>onlinebseb.in: Checking Bihar board BSEB intermediate 12th result 2020 made easy</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has declared the result of Class 12 board or intermediate examination. The declaration of Bihar board inter result was not delayed despite the coronavirus outbreak in the country. The results have been declared for arts, science and commerce streams. BSEB chairman Anand Kishor announced the result online without holding a press conference. Students who have appeared in the Bihar board intermediate examination can check their results online at http://onlinebseb.in/. Click here to see full coverage on BSEB inter result. Easy steps to check Bihar board intermediate examination results: 1) Visit the result website of Bihar School Examination Board onlinebseb.in 2) Key in your roll code and roll number on the login page that opens 3) Enter Captch code 4) Click on view 5) Your Bihar board intermediate result will appear on the screen 6) Take a printout and save it for future reference The Bihar board intermediate result can also be checked on Bihar board website at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in. It is important for you to know that the Bihar board is not providing the facility to apply for scrutiny of the answersheet at this moment due to the coronavirus outbreak in the country. BSEB will provide the facility to apply for scrutiny after the situation comes under control. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 25, 2020 13:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-deled-entrance-exam-2020-date-out-admit-card-to-be-released-on-march-13/story-ISNmXMH6Ap4uZEEDlTNDuJ.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board DElEd entrance exam 2020 date out, admit card to be released on March 13</title>
<body >Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB)will conduct the diploma in elementary education (D.El.Ed) joint entrance examination on March 28, 2020 for admission in all private and government colleges of Bihar. The Bihar D.El.Ed joint entrance exam will be conducted on March 28 from 10 to 12: 30 pm. There will be 150 multiple choice questions. The questions will be answered in OMRsheets.Candidates should reach the exam centre latest by 9:30 am.Shoes, socks and wrist watch is banned in the exam centre, said BSEBchairman Anand Kishor. The admit card will be released on March 13 at https://www.biharboardvividh.com.Candidates will have to login using their User ID and password to download their admit card.Earlier on February 17, a dummy admit card was also issued. Every question will carry three marks each while one mark will be deducted for each wrong answer. How to download Bihar Board D.EL.ED. Joint Entrance Test 2020 admit card: 1) Visit the website of Bihar School Examination Board at www.biharboardvividh.com 2) Click on the link for Download Admit Card for D.EL.ED. JOINT ENTRANCE TEST, 2020 3) Key in your User ID and password 4) You BSEBD.El.Ed admit card 2020 will appear on the screen 5) Download and take its print out. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 12, 2020 17:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-class-12th-answer-key-2020-released-for-objective-questions-check-here/story-stS8GYV7KcBb5a89rJR8QP.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board class 12th answer key 2020 released for objective questions, check here</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on Sunday has released the answer key for the class 12th board examination on its official website. Candidates who have appeared in the examination can check the answer key and raise objections (if any) online at biharboardonline.bihar.gov.in on or before March 11, 2020. BSEB has released the answer key for the objective questions, which constitutes 50% of total marks in the examination. Candidates can raise their objections, if any, by providing appropriate representations on the official website. Heres the direct link to register objection regarding Answer Key of Bihar Board Inter Exam 2020. How to check the answer key: 1.Visit the official website 2.On the home page, scroll down and click on the link that reads, Register objection regarding Answer Key Inter Exam 2020 3.A new page will appear on the display screen 4.Key in your credentials and login 5.The answer key will appear on the display screen Read more: Bihar Board Class 10th, 12th result 2020 to be declared in March- April. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 20, 2020 14:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bseb-dummy-admit-card-for-d-el-ed-joint-entrance-test-2020-released-at-biharboardvividh-com/story-Ek6OlTlv0ReEgpWQ1t0aRO.html</url>
<title>BSEB dummy admit card for D El Ed Joint Entrance Test 2020 released at biharboardvividh.com</title>
<body >Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has released the dummy admit card for diploma in elementary education (D El Ed) Joint Entrance Test, 2020. Candidates can download the dummy admit card from the Bihar School Examination Board website at biharboardvividh.com. The admit card will be available on the BSEB website till February 21. If candidates find any error in the dummy admit card they can make corrections in it now. They will not get any opportunity to make correction after this period. Here is the direct link to download the DElEd Joint Entrance Test 2020 dummy admit card. Candidates can enter their Application number and date of birth and captcha code and login to access their dummy admit card. Bihar Board D.EL.ED. Joint Entrance Test 2020 dummy admit card: 1) Visit the website of Bihar School Examination Board 2) Click on the link for Download Dummy Admit Card for D.EL.ED. JOINT ENTRANCE TEST, 2020 16-Feb-2020 at 10 AM 3) Key in your application number and date of birth and captcha code and login 4) You Dummy admit card for Bihar diploma in elementary education (D El Ed) Joint Entrance Test, 2020 will appear on the screen 5) Take a printout and save it on your computer </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 17, 2020 12:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-class-10-exam-2020-to-begin-from-tomorrow-check-details-here/story-q6LVNvAeb5SIk5CYFTcseN.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board class 10 exam 2020 to begin from tomorrow, check details here</title>
<body >Bihar SchoolExamination Board (BSEB) will begin the class 10th board exam from tomorrow, February 17, 2020. The class 10th board exam will continue till February 24, 2020. The class 10 examinations will be conducted in two shifts, the morning shift from 9:30 am to 12:45 noon, and the evening shift from 1:45 to 5 pm at 1,368 centres spread across the state. A total of 15, 29,393 students have registered for the examination. Out of which, 7, 83,034 students are female, and 7, 46,359 are male. In the first shift of the exam, 7, 74,415 students, and in the second shift, 7, 54,978 students will appear for the exam. Frisking: Students will have to go through a two- level frisking before entering the examination hall.The first frisking will be done at the main gate of the the exam centre and the second will be done before entering the examination hall. Lost Admit Cards: Candidates who forget to bring their admit card on the day of exam will also be allowed to enter the exam hall. The officials have been directed to match the face of the candidate with the scanned photograph from the system and allow him/ her to take the exam. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 20, 2020 14:05 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/bihar-board-10th-sanskrit-exam-2020-tips-put-special-stress-on-grammar-and-translations/story-gXELsEKdcjfnSaVh92Z5QJ.html</url>
<title>Bihar Board 10th Sanskrit Exam 2020 Tips: Put special stress on grammar and translations</title>
<body >The preparations for the Bihar Class 10 exams are on full swing. In the last few days ahead of the Sanskrit exam, candidates need to revise the syllabus and focus on key areas. The Sanskrit exam of the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) is scheduled on February 22. The exams will be conducted in two sittings, with the first beginning at 9:30 am and the second at 1:45 pm. The BSEB Class 10 exams will continue from February 17 to February 24. Sanskrit is part of the second language paper. The Bihar Board has given candidates option to choose their second language from Bhojpuri, Arabic, Persian and Sanskrit for Hindi-speaking students. Those who have opted for Sanskrit as their second optional language paper need to prepare very carefully. Last minute preparations tips can help fetch a candidate good marks in the subject. Key Topics: In Sanskrit exams, BSEB puts a special stress on grammar and translations. This section alone will alone fetch 32 marks. Apart from it, practising letter writing and picture illustration can help a candidate score 15 marks. Previous year question papers: Candidates should analyze previous year question papers. In the past few years, the Sanskrit paper had 56 questions. Of this, 50 per cent were objective type and the rest sought short and long form answers. Aspirants should practice Bihar Boards model paper to excel in the exam. The BSEB every year releases the question bank and one can download the paper by visiting the link (https://www.boardpaper.in/bihar-board-10th-model-paper/). Keep Revising: Candidates should keep revising their notes till the day of the exam. It will help them retain maximum number of things. Learn the concepts: Aspirants should focus on understanding the concepts. Because, once the concepts are clear would face few problems on the exam day. Dont be anxious: Usually, candidates become anxious even at the thought of an exam. They need to understand that it is just an exam. So be calm and composed. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 20, 2020 14:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/gurugram/state-prepared-to-meet-locust-threat-agriculture-minister/story-jibtr9sFIL9hM5bCoJ6ePL.html</url>
<title>State prepared to meet locust threat: Agriculture minister</title>
<body >The Haryana agriculture department is working in close collaboration with local panchayats and farmers to ensure that the locusts that have entered some areas of neighbouring Punjab and Rajasthan dont cause damage to the crops in the state. Emergency response teams have been formed and seven districts bordering Rajasthan have been put on alert to meet any situation, state agriculture minister Jai Prakash Dalal said. The locusts fly in large swarms and feed voraciously on crops and vegetation in large areas. The threat posed by locusts in Gurugram is less as there is no standing crop in the district, local agriculture officials said, adding that preventive measures have been put in place. The officials of the Locust Warning Organisation based in Faridabad also said that there was no threat of swarms entering Delhi on Wednesday as these were moving towards Dausa, Karauli and Dholpur in Rajasthan The state agriculture department, Dalal said, has been preparing for this threat since January as advisories and warnings regarding desert locusts were received much earlier. We have alerted seven districts that border RajasthanRewari, Mahendergarh, Sirsa, Fatehabad, Charkhi Dadri, Bhiwani and Hisarand asked the local administrations to take preventive measures and keep a close watch on the situation, he said. The minister said that guidelines have been issued to local functionaries, tractor spray machines deployed, meetings held with farmers and the areas in which the likely spread can take place mapped. We cant stop the locusts from entering the state but by working on the ground, we can ensure that the damaged is prevented by spraying insecticides and taking other measures. Agriculture officers are collaborating with local farmers and have formed groups at the local level and supplied them with an adequate amount of insecticide to neutralise the locusts. We are closely monitoring the situation as well, he said. The cotton crop spread over 50,000 to 60,000 acres in the districts neighbouring Rajasthan is under threat because of the locust swarms, officials said. As per the latest information shared by an official of the Locust Warning Organisation based in Faridabad, the locust swarms are moving towards Dausa, Karauli and Dholpur in Rajasthan and there is no threat to Delhi as of now, an official said. Dr KL Gurjar, deputy director, directorate of plant protection, quarantine and storage, Faridabad, tweeted, There is no possibility of reaching locust swarm in New Delhi upto 4 pm today as stated in the news. The swarms are moving towards Dausa, Karauli  Dholpur [sic]. No official from the directorate responded for comment despite repeated calls. The state agriculture department is also in touch with locust control units in the neighbouring states and is keeping a watch on their movement. Since January, the locusts have visited the state twiceonce they were spotted in Elanabad and the second time in Loharu, the minister said. Locust swarms have not been witnessed in India in decades. There have been instances of locust breeding at the local level, but they were controlled, agricultural experts said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/dabangg-3-box-office-predictions-salman-khan-s-cop-drama-unlikely-to-beat-bharat-may-open-at-rs-25-30-cr/story-dpd4ijLQqhgUyeXmITyhKL.html</url>
<title>Dabangg 3 box office predictions: Salman Khans cop drama unlikely to beat Bharat, may open at Rs 25-30 cr</title>
<body >Actor Salman Khan is all set to return with the next iteration of his hit franchise Dabangg that sees him reprising his role as bent cop Chulbul Panday. The trade is bullish about the Prabhudeva film, expecting it to repeat the box office feat the two earlier films achieved. Film trade analyst Girish Johar expects the film to open at around Rs 25-30 crore. Salman has already delivered Bharat this year, which entered the Rs 200 crore club. While the cop drama will witness a wide release across India and in abroad, it may not be able to beat Bharat on day one, which recorded a massive opening of Rs 42 crore. Talking to Hindustan Times about why Dabangg 3 stands a good chance at the ticket counters, Girish said, First of all, its a Salman Khan and has also been dubbed in other languages (Kannada, Tamil and Telugu). Kichha Sudeep is a big superstar in the South and has a strong fan following. Salman has a pan-India following and Dabangg is a hit franchise. Since it is expected to be a paisa vasool entertainer with romance, music, drama and action, I am expecting a very good start. Dabangg 3 will open at over 3000 screens across India. On being asked about why the film may not be able to beat the opening figures of Bharat, Girish says, "Bharat was a holiday release but Dabangg 3 releases on a working Friday. Salman Khan and his team including Sonakshi Sinha and debutante Saiee Manjrekar have a lot to look forward to. The film may record a lower opening than Bharat but can probably beat the domestic collection of the film (Rs 211 crore), amid positive word of mouth. The advance booking of the film had begun a week ahead of its release but was available on limited screens. Also read: Salman Khans Dabangg 3 song Hud Hud voluntarily edited to remove objectionable scenes after protests Dabangg 3 can still record the second or third highest non-holiday opening for a Bollywood film. Ranbir Kapoor starrer Sanju acquires the top slot with an opening of Rs 34.75 crore. Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film had released on June 29 last year. Dabangg 3 is the third installment in the hit franchise and is a prequel to the previous films. It also stars Dimple Kapadia, Pramod Khanna, Arbaaz Khan and Mahie Gill. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 19, 2019 16:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-holds-train-of-gauri-khan-s-gown-at-awards-night-fans-say-always-a-gentleman-watch-video/story-SAFzpdAzsxmjfdXewD7LoN.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan holds train of Gauri Khans gown at awards night, fans say always a gentleman. Watch video</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khan made a grand entry at an awards show on Monday night to honour Vogue X Nykaa Fashion: The Power List 2019. While they made heads turn with their stunning colour-coordinated outfits, what stole the show was the actors sweet gesture for his wife. In a video shared on Instagram, Shah Rukh is seen picking up the train of Gauris gown, so that he doesnt end up stepping on it. His thoughtful act has won the hearts of netizens, with several compliments pouring in from fans. Always a gentleman, one fan wrote. King for a reason, another commented. The clip has already garnered over 3,50,000 views and more than 500 comments so far. Watch: SRKs romantic gesture for Gauri at award ceremony wins hearts View this post on Instagram           When the Queen arrives here is what KIng Khan does  A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Dec 9, 2019 at 9:16am PST When the Queen arrives here is what KIng Khan does  A post shared by  Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Dec 9, 2019 at 9:16am PST Shah Rukh and Gauri were honoured at the awards show. They received the Most Stylish Couple Of The Year award. View this post on Instagram           Rab ne bana di jodi  #ThePowerList2019 #VogueXNykaaFashion #NykaaFashion #Nykaa #Vogue #VogueIndia #Fashion #RedCarpet #RedCarpetFashion #Style #RedCarpetStyle #FashionAwards #StyleAwards #ViralBhayani #InstantBollywood #Voompla #LookOfTheDay #CelebStyle #Love #OOTD #Bollywood #BollywoodFashion #BollywoodStyle #ManavManglani #Actress #Spotted #Glam #Glamour #Celebrity #Trend #ThePowerList2019 #VogueXNykaaFashion @vogueindia @nykaafashion A post shared by  Nykaa Fashion (@nykaafashion) on Dec 9, 2019 at 9:39am PST Rab ne bana di jodi  #ThePowerList2019 #VogueXNykaaFashion #NykaaFashion #Nykaa #Vogue #VogueIndia #Fashion #RedCarpet #RedCarpetFashion #Style #RedCarpetStyle #FashionAwards #StyleAwards #ViralBhayani #InstantBollywood #Voompla #LookOfTheDay #CelebStyle #Love #OOTD #Bollywood #BollywoodFashion #BollywoodStyle #ManavManglani #Actress #Spotted #Glam #Glamour #Celebrity #Trend #ThePowerList2019 #VogueXNykaaFashion @vogueindia @nykaafashion A post shared by  Nykaa Fashion (@nykaafashion) on Dec 9, 2019 at 9:39am PST On the work front, Shah Rukh recently announced his next production venture, Bob Biswas starring Abhishek Bachchan in the titular role. He will produce the film, which is a spin-off of the 2012 hit Kahaani, under his banner Red Chillies Entertainment. Also see: Gauri Khan reveals why Shah Rukh Khan is not allowed to post family photos. Watch video Bob Biswas will be directed by Sujoy Ghoshs daughter Diya Annapurna Ghosh. The film will trace the origin story of Bob Biswas, the contract killer from Sujoys Kahaani. It is scheduled to go on floors early next year. ShahRukh announced the news on Twitter and wrote, #BobBiswas is coming to kill it! Happy to associate with Bound Script Production to bring #BobBiswas, played by @juniorbachchan and directed by Diya Annapurna Ghosh. @RedChilliesEnt @gaurikhan @sujoy_g @_GauravVerma.#BobBiswas is coming to 'kill it!' Happy to associate with Bound Script Production to bring #BobBiswas, played by @juniorbachchan and directed by Diya Annapurna Ghosh. @RedChilliesEnt @gaurikhan @sujoy_g @_GauravVerma https://t.co/uUgNPGJzws Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) November 25, 2019 #BobBiswas is coming to 'kill it!' Happy to associate with Bound Script Production to bring #BobBiswas, played by @juniorbachchan and directed by Diya Annapurna Ghosh. @RedChilliesEnt @gaurikhan @sujoy_g @_GauravVerma https://t.co/uUgNPGJzws Meanwhile, Shah Rukh is yet to announce his next project as an actor. He was last seen in Aanand L Rais Zero, alongside Anushka Sharma and Katrina Kaif. The film received mixed reviews from critics and tanked at the box office. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 10, 2019 13:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-taimur-ali-khan-kareena-kapoor-and-saif-ali-khan-s-son-turns-three-see-family-pics/story-atMo8uizDoDnkJFUKlnd3I.html</url>
<title>Happy Birthday Taimur Ali Khan: Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khans son turns three, see family pics</title>
<body >Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khans son Taimur Ali Khan turns three on December 20. Ever since Taimur was born in December 2016, he has been in the media spotlight. He has been papped from day one - straight from the hospital. Be it his outings with his parents or sightings at the airport, the little boy has been constantly in the news. His pictures are uploaded on social media by fans, family members and Kareenas team. Needless to say, the pictures get viral in no time -- be it from Kareena and Saifs vacations abroad, family time at their ancestral home in Pataudi or in Mumbai.         View this post on Instagram           #family #today #familytime A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Oct 27, 2019 at 6:17pm PDT #family #today #familytime A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Oct 27, 2019 at 6:17pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Tim  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jul 23, 2019 at 3:52am PDT Tim  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jul 23, 2019 at 3:52am PDT View this post on Instagram           One Love, One Heart For INDIA  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 16, 2019 at 11:00pm PDT One Love, One Heart For INDIA  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 16, 2019 at 11:00pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Up up and away ! #timandinni A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Dec 6, 2019 at 1:21am PST Up up and away ! #timandinni A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Dec 6, 2019 at 1:21am PST View this post on Instagram           The first lick of an ice-cream is one of the purest joys of childhood - even if that ice-cream isnt yours or especially if that ice-cream isnt yours !! #happychildrensday A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Nov 14, 2019 at 6:58am PST The first lick of an ice-cream is one of the purest joys of childhood - even if that ice-cream isnt yours or especially if that ice-cream isnt yours !! #happychildrensday A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Nov 14, 2019 at 6:58am PST View this post on Instagram           Hanging at the farm with #timandinni #willowsactivityfarm #londondiaries A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Jul 22, 2019 at 11:22am PDT Hanging at the farm with #timandinni #willowsactivityfarm #londondiaries A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Jul 22, 2019 at 11:22am PDT View this post on Instagram           Reunited!! #timandinni #london A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Jul 19, 2019 at 1:24am PDT Reunited!! #timandinni #london A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Jul 19, 2019 at 1:24am PDT Earlier, Kareena had been asked about Taimur's birthday plans. She had revealed that he demanded two cakes this year. A Mumbai Mirror report quoted her as saying, Taimurs birthday plans, we are going to be here (in Mumbai). Ill be promoting the film and Saif is here. We will be spending time with the family. He will have a small little get together with 8-10 of his friends. He definitely has demanded two cakes and not one. He is a Kapoor (laughs). He is like, I want two cakes. One Santa and one hulk. I said, Why two?, he is like Two! The little boy often accompanies his parents, more so, his mother Kareena for her shoots. Speaking about it, Kareena had said during the 17th Hindustan Times Leadership Summit about how he was with her during the shoot of Veere Di Wedding as well as the shoot of Laal Singh Chaddha in Chandigarh. She said, The film went on to become a success and my son came along with me to the shoot and I think that was the best decision as well. He has to know that his mother works. He has to respect the fact that both his parents work. Saif was like, if you want to continue, take him with you and keep him close. Let him know what you do. And thats what he has done, he is a brave, brave boy. He has come back from a 20-day shoot for Laal Singh Chaddha all over Punjab. And I shoot for 8 hours, rush back to put him to bed and I have a wonderful actor and producer - Aamir Khan, who supports me. Thats what a working mother and a working actor should be. I think things are changing in our world. Also read: Bigg Boss 13: Paras Chhabras girlfriend Akanksha Puri reacts to him kissing Mahira Sharma, doubts if he is playing with her View this post on Instagram           Lazy Saturday  #holidays @therealkarismakapoor A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 15, 2019 at 10:02am PDT Lazy Saturday  #holidays @therealkarismakapoor A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 15, 2019 at 10:02am PDT View this post on Instagram           Wish you and your family...a Happy and Prosperous Diwali... Think Positive..Be Positive and Do Positive.. May God bless you and be with you....With Luv  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Oct 27, 2019 at 7:42am PDT Wish you and your family...a Happy and Prosperous Diwali... Think Positive..Be Positive and Do Positive.. May God bless you and be with you....With Luv  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Oct 27, 2019 at 7:42am PDT View this post on Instagram           #famjam #londondiaries A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jul 18, 2019 at 2:01am PDT #famjam #londondiaries A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jul 18, 2019 at 2:01am PDT View this post on Instagram           #birthdaywithtimtim A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Sep 20, 2019 at 10:44pm PDT #birthdaywithtimtim A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Sep 20, 2019 at 10:44pm PDT View this post on Instagram            #Repost @therealkarismakapoor #ganpatibappamoriya #family @therealarmaanjain @anissamalhotra @rimosky A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Sep 10, 2019 at 2:44am PDT  #Repost @therealkarismakapoor #ganpatibappamoriya #family @therealarmaanjain @anissamalhotra @rimosky A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Sep 10, 2019 at 2:44am PDT View this post on Instagram           Look who dropped by on set today  ...  @mickeycontractor @priyangis @yiannitsapatori @tanghavri @preganews A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Aug 27, 2019 at 12:34am PDT Look who dropped by on set today  ...  @mickeycontractor @priyangis @yiannitsapatori @tanghavri @preganews A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Aug 27, 2019 at 12:34am PDT View this post on Instagram           #happiness A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Aug 14, 2019 at 8:05am PDT #happiness A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Aug 14, 2019 at 8:05am PDT View this post on Instagram           Quality Time with Tim   @priyangis A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Aug 13, 2019 at 3:57am PDT Quality Time with Tim   @priyangis A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Aug 13, 2019 at 3:57am PDT View this post on Instagram           #love  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 14, 2019 at 10:52am PDT #love  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 14, 2019 at 10:52am PDT View this post on Instagram           #familyfirst A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 2, 2019 at 8:54pm PDT #familyfirst A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Jun 2, 2019 at 8:54pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Familia  @sakpataudi @saraalikhan95 @______iak______ A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on May 29, 2019 at 5:39am PDT Familia  @sakpataudi @saraalikhan95 @______iak______ A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on May 29, 2019 at 5:39am PDT View this post on Instagram           Let's Go Tim  #outfitoftheday #loksabhaelections2019 #voteforindia A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Apr 29, 2019 at 3:00am PDT Let's Go Tim  #outfitoftheday #loksabhaelections2019 #voteforindia A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Apr 29, 2019 at 3:00am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Apr 21, 2019 at 4:10pm PDT  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Apr 21, 2019 at 4:10pm PDT View this post on Instagram           With so many people in one frame its impossible to get a shot where everyones eyes are open (sorry bhai) or where everyone is looking at the camera - Tim and Inni have eyes only for the cake  ! Happy Birthday Amman 08.12.19 #sherbagh A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Dec 9, 2019 at 11:42pm PST With so many people in one frame its impossible to get a shot where everyones eyes are open (sorry bhai) or where everyone is looking at the camera - Tim and Inni have eyes only for the cake  ! Happy Birthday Amman 08.12.19 #sherbagh A post shared by  Soha (@sakpataudi) on Dec 9, 2019 at 11:42pm PST In the initial days, Kareena and Saif were okay with the paparazzi taking pictures and videos of their son. But as Taimur grew older, the constant presence of cameramen outside their residence began to take a toll on the family. There have been times when Saif has spoken angrily to photographers. In April last year, after Taimur was clicked incessantly by photographers, Saif had retorted sharply: Stop it, the child will go blind. Later, talking about police clearing paparazzi from outside his house in April, he had said: Yes, the cops cleared the paparazzi because someone complained. Not me. I cant say I feel kindly about their presence, because 10 people lounging about outside your house waiting for a shot of your kid is disturbing to say the least. I didnt complain because I dont want to deprive anyone of a job. Saif, though, has a request for the photographers: Please dont stalk Taimur. He is not a star. He is just a child. View this post on Instagram           I Love MM  #airportdiaries #thanksforthepic  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Oct 29, 2019 at 3:12am PDT I Love MM  #airportdiaries #thanksforthepic  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@therealkareenakapoor) on Oct 29, 2019 at 3:12am PDT The craze, however, refuses to die down. So much so, that Kareena is now being asked about her second child. She had told Mumbai Mirror, There is no good news related to a second child in my life. Both Saif and I are happy with our kid Taimur Ali Khan. As of now, we dont have any plans for a second child. We both are very busy with our work and are trying to balance our professional and personal lives. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 20, 2019 09:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-taimur-kareena-kapoor-kicks-off-christmas-themed-bash-for-son-with-saif-soha-and-inaaya-see-pics/story-xlgj3iEr23VvEnVfRgrc1O.html</url>
<title>Happy birthday Taimur: Kareena Kapoor kicks off Christmas-themed bash for son with Saif, Soha and Inaaya. See pics</title>
<body >Kareena Kapoor is one excited mom, all ready to celebrate the third birthday of her son, Taimur. The duo was spotted at the party venue in Mumbai earlier on Thursday morning and again in the evening. In the morning, Kareena was seen with her sister Karisma Kapoor and Taimur, checking out the decor at the venue. She wore a red dress and large sunglasses while Taimur was seen in a blue shirt and red shorts. Karisma was dressed casually in a simple purple T-shirt and black pants. For the party, Kareena changed into a lovely polka dot dress. Her husband Saif Ali Khan brought Taimur to the party. Saif was seen in a grey polo tee and blue jeans. Taimur was seen in a black T-shirt, white pants and cool brown cowboy boots. Kareenas sister-in-law and actor Soha Ali Khan also wore a matching polka dot dress. Her daughter Inaaya looked the cutest in a white poofy frock. Check out their pictures:  View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Dec 19, 2019 at 3:18am PST A post shared by Viral Bhayani (@viralbhayani) on Dec 19, 2019 at 3:18am PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Varinder Chawla (@varindertchawla) on Dec 19, 2019 at 3:11am PST A post shared by Varinder Chawla (@varindertchawla) on Dec 19, 2019 at 3:11am PST Speaking about their plans for Taimurs birthday, Kareena had recently said in an interview, Taimurs birthday plans, we are going to be here (in Mumbai). Ill be promoting the film and Saif is here. We will be spending time with the family. He will have a small little get-together with 8-10 of his friends. He definitely has demanded two cakes and not one. He is a Kapoor (laughs). He is like, I want two cakes. One Santa and one hulk. I said, Why two?, he is like Two! Also read: Bigg Boss 13: Paras Chhabras girlfriend Akanksha Puri reacts to him kissing Mahira Sharma, doubts if he is playing with her Kareena and Saif got married in 2012 and Taimur was born in 2016. He is the couples only child. Talking about the possibility of a second child, Kareena recently said that they are very happy with Taimur in their lives, for now. There is no good news related to a second child in my life. Both Saif and I are happy with our kid Taimur Ali Khan. As of now, we dont have any plans for a second child. We both are very busy with our work and are trying to balance our professional and personal lives,she said. Kareena will soon be seen in Good Newwz with Akshay Kumar. The film releases on December 27. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 19, 2019 17:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-day-74-written-update-episode-74-december-19-asim-is-the-new-captain-of-the-house-as-vikas-ditches-rashami-and-arhaan/story-17utrs9cP2S3q4GPT0EcPP.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13 day 74 written update episode 74 December 19: Asim is the new captain of the house as Vikas ditches Rashami and Arhaan</title>
<body >Thursdays Bigg Boss 13 episode was full of fun, thanks to Shehnaaz Gills antics while trying to convince Sidharth Shukla that she loves him. The housemates also geared up for new captaincy task. Here are the top highlights from tonights episode: Bigg Boss announced the captaincy task in which there were four cars parked in the garden area. The assigned drivers were Shehnaz, Mahira Sharma, Vikas Gupta, and Shefali Bagga. The contenders for captaincy, Arhaan Khan, Asim Riaz, Madhurima Tulli, Vishal Aditya Singh, Aarti Singh had to convince the drivers to give them a ride. The two contenders who failed to convince the drivers would be out of the race. Also read: Kangana Ranaut to play a mother in Panga, sister Rangoli shares new posters After a few rounds of the task, Rashami tried her best to convince Vikas to take Arhaan in his car but Vikas ditched Arhaan in the middle of the task, leaving a single contender of captaincy -Asim. Arhaan went upto Vikas and kept telling him that he ditched in the middle of a task and that was no trait of a mastermind. He was visibly upset with being out of the captaincy race. Rashami asked Arhaan to avoid the confrontation and she followed him, asking him to stay silent. After they went, Vikas told Madhurima that he did it all for her and she must make use of the chance to play the game. Madhurima began crying as she hugged him. At the end of the task, Asim was announced as the captain for the week. When Shehnaaz hugged him, Sidharth was seen making a face. Soon, Shehnaaz told Mahira that Sidharth always had Arti as his first priority therefore she does not want to talk to him. Mahira convinced her that Sidharth cares for her, was hurt and has Shehnaaz as his first priority. Vikas told Sidharth that people were loving them together and he responded, I am not playing this for people, I am not role-playing here. I am genuinely hurt and this is not the first time I was hurt. I dont want to do this anymore. Late in the night, Shehnaaz was seen pressing Sidharths back and soon things returned to norma between the two. Early in the morning, Asim walked upto their bed and pressed Sidharths legs when he saw Shehnaaz doing the same. Next morning, Rashami and Arhaan discussed Shefali Bagga. Rashami told Arhaan that Bagga is his best friend. Arhaan asked her not to talk in such a mocking way and Rashami was also upset. As the house geared up for the breakfast, Mahira and Paras asked Asim to assign two duties for Shefali Bagga. Everyone began fighting over duties. Rashami reveals the keys of her house was in wrong hands. She revealed that there are some family issues and some family members are manipulating her younger brother. She said she had changed the locks of her house to avoid these people. She feared that someone, apart from those who had been handed over the keys, had access to her house. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 20, 2019 00:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/more-dead-bats-found-in-gorakhpur/story-VfD45g0j723BSIPv7mQP3N.html</url>
<title>More dead bats found in Gorakhpur</title>
<body >Hundreds of bats were found dead in a mango orchard in Belghat for the second consecutive day on Wednesday. Besides, dead bats were also recovered from Gola village. The mango orchard was filled with pungent smell of the bat carcasses that were strewn all across and dogs were spotted eating some of the dead bats. The dead winged mammals were later buried by locals. Some locals had also arranged for water pots at the orchard as some officials had suggested that the bats might have been dying out of thirst and heat stroke. The bats are dying continuously and today hundreds of more bats were found dead .We have informed authorities about it, Dhruv Narayan, the orchard owner said. Divisional Forest officer (DFO) Avinash Kumar who took stock of the area said, We were informed today about fresh deaths of bats but the condition of carcasses suggest that the deaths might have happened 24 to 36 hours before. They might have died on trees and dropped on ground later. The post mortem report of bats is still awaited from Indian Veterinary Institute (IVRI) Bareilly. The exact cause of deaths can be cleared once the report comes, he said. Rare White Nose Syndrome could be possible reason behind the deaths of bats who feed on flower nector, fruits and insects, said Dr PH Pathak, professor, department of zoology at DDU Gorakhpur University. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-salman-khan-is-back-in-first-promo-of-new-season-and-it-may-be-just-4-weeks-long/story-f1strOqIrDYARCqCauiwmO.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13: Salman Khan is back in first promo of new season and it may be just 4 weeks long</title>
<body >Days after sharing the first look of host Salman Khan, the makers of Bigg Boss 13 have unveiled the first promotional video for the highly-anticipated and controversial reality show. Salman is seen inside what looks like a cabin at a railway station platform. The entire set-up is shaking throughout the video, giving an impression that the tremors are due to the trains passing by. Salman says in the video, Kripya dhyan dein is baar Bigg Boss ki gadi hogi Sitara special. Chaar hafton me pahuchaiyegi finale pe, tatkaal. Uske baad bhi celebrities kurta faad ke banaenge rumaal.Jaldi aaiye warna pachtaaiye. (Please pay attention! The Bigg Boss vehicle will be star special this time. It will take us to finale quickly, in four weeks. The celebrities will still create drama and chaos. Come soon or regret later.) Come soon!Get ready to hop on to the #BB13 entertainment express along with @Vivo_India ek dum fatafat! #BiggBoss13 Coming soon! @BeingSalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/7wgmsxqKgt COLORS (@ColorsTV) August 24, 2019 Get ready to hop on to the #BB13 entertainment express along with @Vivo_India ek dum fatafat! #BiggBoss13 Coming soon! @BeingSalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/7wgmsxqKgt He wraps up the promo saying, Is baar, the season is mera and bahut hai tedha. (This time, the season is mine and it is quite twisted). The new promo suggests that it will be a much shorter season  the show usually goes on for three months. The 13th season is also likely to get back to celebrity-only contestants as Salman mentions in the promo. While there have been several lists doing the rounds for who will be the contestants on Bigg Boss 13, nothing has been confirmed yet. Asked if he has been approached for Bigg Boss 13, Bharat actor Sunil Grover told Zoom TV, I wouldnt like to be a part of Bigg Boss. I dont know, never say never but ya...I dont know. I cant be caged. I like to act, I like playing characters, I like to be a part of stories rather than fighting over food or petty things and winning the game. Oh, I cant. Reacting to reports of being approached, TV actor Rashami (of Uttaran fame) claimed she was never offered the show. Sandhya posted a screenshot of a WhatsApp conversation in which a PR representative had approached her for the show and she said they should never consider taking her on the show. Comedian Rajpal Yadav has acknowledged that he was offered the show but added that he cannot participate. Like every year, this year too I have been offered the show, but due to prior film commitments I wont be able to do the show. I love watching the show and the format is also quite entertaining. But I am not doing this season. My best wishes to the people who will be a part of it, he earlier told ETimes. Also read: Tom Holland on Spider-Man leaving Marvel: All I know is that Im going to continue playing Spider-Man Actor Zareen Khan also tweeted, Im amused to read news articles about me which Im not aware of myself. The news about me being in #BiggBoss13 is completely FALSE. Other celebs rumoured to be part of the upcoming season of Bigg Boss include TV actors Karan Patel, Dayanand Shetty, Karan Vohra, Devoleena Bhattacharjee and Manikarnika actor Ankita Lokhande. The final list is officially announced only when the show premieres. The tentative date for the shows premiere is September 29. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 25, 2019 12:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sanjay-leela-bhansali-s-inshallah-gets-postponed-salman-khan-says-i-will-still-see-you-all-on-eid-2020/story-0ztPzKEGesRPEr4uCR6qSM.html</url>
<title>Sanjay Leela Bhansalis Inshallah gets postponed, Salman Khan says I will still see you all on Eid, 2020</title>
<body >Actor Salman Khan is a busy man. He has been shooting for his next, Dabangg 3, after delivering on the biggest hits of the year - Bharat. News of his pairing with Alia Bhatt in Inshallah, to be directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, too created quite a craze. The film, which was to release on Eid 2020, has been delayed. On Sunday, Salman took to Twitter to make the announcement. He wrote: The film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali is pushed but I will still see you all on Eid, 2020. Insha-Allah!! The film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali is pushed but I will still see you all on Eid, 2020. Insha-Allah!! Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) August 25, 2019 The film with Sanjay Leela Bhansali is pushed but I will still see you all on Eid, 2020. Insha-Allah!! While the shooting of Inshallah is still to begin, the film itself has been much-talked-about since the day it was announced. The films pairing, in particular, came in for intense criticism, with many commenting on the obvious age difference between the lead cast. Reacting to the criticism, Alia had said: I didnt get any criticism. I think I got a lot of excitement. I think speculation is also a form of excitement in a way and why shouldnt there be speculation. There should be and at least I am not bothered by that and I dont think Salman or Bhansali sir are bothered. I think this is a filmmaker who has given us very good films, he is someone who we all are very fond of and I think we should just trust him with his vision. She further told Bollywood Hungama how excited she was when she got to know of her pairing with Salman. She said, I literally remember myself jumping. I was not in town, I was out of the country and I was doing something and I got a call and I was like.. literally I ran to the corner and I jumped up and down for 5 minutes because I was so excited. Also read: Taapsee Pannu: Producers were not casting me because Im sheer bad luck, that was really hurtful and scary Salman, of course, has his hands full. From September-end, he will be seen hosting the 13th season of the popular reality show Bigg Boss which takes off on September 29. On Sunday, a promo video was released which mentioned that Bigg Boss 13 will only be four weeks long. The promo was shared by Colors, in which Salman says, Kripya dhyan dein is baar Bigg Boss ki gadi hogi Sitara special. Chaar hafton me pahuchaiyegi finale pe, tatkaal. Uske baad bhi celebrities kurta faad ke banaenge rumaal.Jaldi aaiye warna pachtaaiye. (Please pay attention! The Bigg Boss vehicle will be star special this time. It will take us to finale quickly, in four weeks. The celebrities will still create drama and chaos. Come soon or regret later.) Come soon! Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 26, 2019 08:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ileana-d-cruz-deletes-every-picture-of-husband-andrew-kneebone-couple-unfollows-each-other-amid-reports-of-split/story-ANajL6Z1cTr5gIUArBNUTM.html</url>
<title>Ileana DCruz deletes pictures of husband Andrew Kneebone, couple unfollows each other amid reports of split</title>
<body >Actor Ileana DCruz and her husband, Andrew Kneebone, have reportedly unfollowed each other on social media, amid reports of their relationship being on the rocks. Ileana has also deleted every picture of Andrew from her Instagram page. While the couple never spoke about their relationship publicly, she has referred to him as her husband in old social media posts. According to SpotboyE, the couple isnt on talking terms, and is currently not in the mood to patch things up. While Ileana often shared pictures of Andrew online, she told Hindustan Times in an earlier interview, Initially, I was told to not speak about my relationship. And while I dont have an issue talking about it, its unfair that people are being unnecessarily harsh to him (Andrew). It is unfair to subject him to harsh comments just because I am a celebrity. He is entitled to his privacy and respect and he deserves both in equal measure. He is a great person, and it did affect me when people left harsh comments on my social media posts. But I do give it back to nasty trolls. View this post on Instagram           Prolly the first time were seeing propppaaa hand-in-hand moments between Ileana and her Aussie photographer BF Andrew Kneebone... who shes been dating for quite a while now... in fact theres also been a buzz about ileana getting married in a hush-hush way but who knowssss!!! Our cams clicked the couple arriving at Mumbai airport today  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #ileanadcruz #andrewkneebone #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Sep 17, 2018 at 4:00am PDT Prolly the first time were seeing propppaaa hand-in-hand moments between Ileana and her Aussie photographer BF Andrew Kneebone... who shes been dating for quite a while now... in fact theres also been a buzz about ileana getting married in a hush-hush way but who knowssss!!! Our cams clicked the couple arriving at Mumbai airport today  FOLLOW  @voompla INQUIRIES  @ppbakshi . #voompla #bollywood #ileanadcruz #andrewkneebone #bollywoodstyle #bollywoodfashion #mumbaidiaries #delhidiaries #indianactress #bollywoodactress #bollywoodactresses A post shared by  Voompla (@voompla) on Sep 17, 2018 at 4:00am PDT Her most recent post to feature Andrew - a birthday message - has also been deleted. Shed written, Happy Birthday, you gorgeous man. Wish I couldve been with you today but hey, I kinda am!!! In an interview to IANS, Ileana had said, I had a different perception of what a relationship or love is like. I was all giddy-headed and fairytale about it in my head, but its so different. Theres a lot of restraint that youve got to have, compromising in certain situations -- and youve got to have a lot of respect. In an Instagram AMA in 2018, Andrew had spoken briefly about dating a celebrity. When he was asked, What is the one thing you dislike about Ileana but cant tell her? he said, She looks so damn beautiful all the time I mean sometimes I cant get anything done because I just look at her and boom! two hours pass. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 26, 2019 16:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-s-cousin-meera-chopra-finds-worms-in-her-5-star-hotel-meal-you-pay-a-bomb-and-they-feed-you-maggots/story-2sJz3fRfXxw3tPLsjVNDUL.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopras cousin Meera Chopra finds worms in her 5-star hotel meal: You pay a bomb and they feed you maggots</title>
<body >Actor Priyanka Chopras cousin, Meera Chopra, has shared a video on Instagram, showing her followers how she found worms in her food at a five-star hotel. The video showed worms squiggling in an omelette and hash browns. So I ordered food from room service. I was staying in Double Tree Hilton in Ahmedabad and this is what I get. I get  worms in my food. Guys please see it properly because this is something which we just cannot ignore. So we stay in these big hotels and we pay them a bomb for everything and they give us worms in our food. So I have been staying here since last one week and since the time Ive checked in, I have been falling unwell, I have been falling sick. And now I see the reason. For the first time, I could just see worms in my food. Lets just put this out on the social media. Thanks guys, she says in the video. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Meera Chopra (@meerachopra) on Aug 22, 2019 at 11:59pm PDT A post shared by Meera Chopra (@meerachopra) on Aug 22, 2019 at 11:59pm PDT She also added a caption to her video: Staying in @doubletree in ahembdabad. @doubletreeahmedabad And got maggots in my food. U pay bomb fr these hotels nd they feed u maggots. Its so shocking @fssai_safefood plz take some immediate action. Where are the health safety regulations now!! #maggots #doubletreebyhilton. Meeras followers on Instagram showed their support and advised her to sue the hotel. They should b punished, wrote one. Go to their instagram page and comment maggots on each post.... Thats the best way, wrote another. Recently, actor Rahul Bose had tweeted about getting billed Rs 442 for two bananas at a hotel. You have to see this to believe it. Who said fruit wasnt harmful to your existence? Ask the wonderful folks at JW Marriott Chandigarh, the Chameli actor, who was shooting in Chandigarh, captioned the video, adding bananas are just too good for me. You have to see this to believe it. Who said fruit wasnt harmful to your existence? Ask the wonderful folks at @JWMarriottChd #goingbananas #howtogetfitandgobroke #potassiumforkings pic.twitter.com/SNJvecHvZB Rahul Bose (@RahulBose1) July 22, 2019 You have to see this to believe it. Who said fruit wasnt harmful to your existence? Ask the wonderful folks at @JWMarriottChd #goingbananas #howtogetfitandgobroke #potassiumforkings pic.twitter.com/SNJvecHvZB Also read: Mission Mangal box office day 11: Akshay Kumars film crosses Rs 150 crore, John Abrahams Batla House nears Rs 100 crore mark Later, the Federation of Hotel  Restaurant Associations of India (FHRAI) on Tuesday said the hotel did nothing illegal. In a statement, FHRAI Vice-President Gurbaxish Singh Kohli said that the 18% GST levied by the hotel on Boses bill was a legal requirement incumbent upon the hotel. Meera is an actor herself and has worked opposite Sharman Joshi in 1920 London. She will soon be seen in Section 375 with Akshaye Khanna and Richa Chadha. The film is directed by Ajay Bahl and is based on Section 375 of the Indian Penal Code. It is scheduled to release on September 13. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 26, 2019 15:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/kapil-sharma-to-woman-who-accused-him-of-making-sexist-comments-check-your-facts/story-pklnncQ5xW6c6YPrstg5MJ.html</url>
<title>Kapil Sharma to woman who accused him of making sexist comments: Check your facts</title>
<body >Actor-comedian Kapil Sharma was drawn into a controversy, not of his making, when a woman tagged him in a tweet and accused him of making a sexist comment against women. Kapil promptly replied to the lady in question, denying any wrongdoing and asking her to check her facts. Replying to the woman on Twitter, Kapil wrote: Dear sister, kash aap react karne se pehle facts check kar letin. Woh shabd mere nahin thhe. Baki Ram ji sab theekh karenge. Dhanyawaad. (Dear sister, how I hope you had checked facts before reacting. Those words were not mine. Lord Ram will take care of the rest).  Dear sister,       facts                 https://t.co/mxl8km2o7Y Kapil Sharma (@KapilSharmaK9) August 19, 2019 Dear sister,       facts                 https://t.co/mxl8km2o7Y Kapil was reacting to a ladys tweet which endorsed another tweet about Kapils alleged utterance on women. The woman had tweeted: Kash dhamki dene se pehle last line padh li hoti woh shabd @KapilSharmaK9 ke hain. Ho sakey toh usse block mariye aur case kijiye jo TV par phaltu bakwaas karta aur @Sony iska bhi boycott kijiye. Madam, Twitter par samajik karyakarta matt baniye. Real mein kariye. Ladkiyon ke liye kuch, yahaan bas RT follower ka moh hai. (How I wish before threatening, you had read the last line. Those lines were said by @KapilSharmaK9. If possible block him as he keeps uttering nonsense of TV. Sony (channel) should also boycott him. Besides, madam, instead of being a social worker on Twitter, please do some good for girls in the real world. Twitter is all about RTs and followers.             @KapilSharmaK9       block           @Sony     ,            ,  rt     https://t.co/r1USFkonMP  [ HTL ] (@BaisaRathore1) August 19, 2019             @KapilSharmaK9       block           @Sony     ,            ,  rt     https://t.co/r1USFkonMP               ..        ..                 (@_i_hate_you_aaj) August 18, 2019               ..        ..              Also read: Karan Johar on drug party accusation: Vicky Kaushal was recovering from dengue, my mother was sitting with us It all started when a Twitter user wrote how Kapil had allegedly said that one should always be disrespectful towards women, else they want to date men and then men have to marry them. The person ascribed it to Kapil Sharma. The tweet garnered angry reactions with one woman even threatening the person in question of police action and a possible jail term. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 19, 2019 16:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-s-dabangg-3-song-hud-hud-voluntarily-edited-to-remove-objectionable-scenes-after-protests/story-dbBBlOQiXvAC32eEbVmbBI.html</url>
<title>Salman Khans Dabangg 3 song Hud Hud voluntarily edited to remove objectionable scenes after protests</title>
<body >Days after a group objected to a few scenes in the Dabangg 3 title song, the makers have announced that they have voluntarily removed the visuals. The official Twitter handle of Salman Khan Films, producers of Dabangg 3, shared a note confirming the same. The said scenes show sadhus grooving to the music in Hud Hud Dabangg, the title track of the film. Keeping everyones sentiments in mind we have voluntarily edited certain scenes from the song Hud Hud Dabangg, the note read. Salman Khan is back as Chulbul Pandey in the third intsallment of his hit cop franchise. #Dabangg3 pic.twitter.com/kCRrck9tCN Salman Khan Films (@SKFilmsOfficial) December 18, 2019 #Dabangg3 pic.twitter.com/kCRrck9tCN On November 29, the Maharashtra and Chattisgarh branch of a religious organisation, Hindu Janjagruti Samiti, had sent a letter to the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) seeking removal of a sequence as it hurts religious sentiments. Also read: Rani Mukerji, Saif Ali Khan to have Hum Tum reunion in Bunty Aur Babli 2. See first pic In the letter to CBFC, the group had said, If the movie happens to be on the lines of what we have seen in the trailer, it is extremely shocking depiction of Hindu deities and saadhus and also goes at great lengths to humiliate and poke fun at the basic foundations of Sanatana Dharma. The organisation had claimed that a scene in the song shows sadhus clad in saffron, dancing with guitars in their hands. It is aimed at maligning and insulting Hindu sentiment and culture, they claimed.  Reacting to the objections, Salman had said, Every time a big film comes there is always some controversy around it. At least, it is acknowledged that this is a big film and Im happy about it. We had done a film with Warina, where the title of her film had led to controversy, which has been cleared and dismissed. So controversies do happen, they get cleared. I dont think there is anything in this film, that a controversy can be created. Directed by Prabhudeva, produced by Salman, Arbaaz Khan and Nikhil Dwivedi, Dabangg 3 also features Sonakshi Sinha, Mahesh Manjrekar, his daughter Saiee Manjrekar, Arbaaz Khan, Mahie Gill, Dimple Kapadia and Kannada star Sudeep. The film is slated to hit big screens on December 20. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 19, 2019 09:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/dabangg-3-here-s-why-salman-khan-kept-dabangg-open-ended/story-3m9o26e1v4xHX2X4XhJ7dO.html</url>
<title>Dabangg 3: Heres why Salman Khan kept Dabangg open-ended</title>
<body >Actor Salman Khan, whose filmDabangg 3 releases on December 20, has said that when they made the first film in the Dabangg franchise, he knew that the film could be taken forward and hence, they kept it open-ended. Speaking toMid Day, he said, We had kept Dabangg open-ended because we felt that we might come up with a [sequel]. At that point, Arbaaz [Khan, producer] asked if we were probably being a little pompous about the films [fate] by considering a sequel. I told him, If the movie works, well and good; if not, theres nothing we could do. Fortunately, everyone liked it, so we made Dabangg 2 [2012]. Elaborating on how the ideal of Dabangg 3 was developed, he said, I came up with the thought for this film, and with Arbaaz, kept improvising on it. We decided to explore Chulbuls past, and thats how the prequel was built. Its always fun to shoot [for this franchise]. Now, when I walk on the sets of Dabangg, I automatically transform from Salman Khan to Chulbul. Salman also added that it is difficult to take a franchise forward. Dabangg 3 follows the life of Chulbul Pandey and features a flashback to the time when the cop was a young man. Also read: Forbes says Kangana Ranaut earned an estimated Rs 17.5 cr in 2019, Rangoli Chandel says she pays more tax than that Speaking on the film and its principle character,Salman had earlier said that initially Chulbul was supposed to a negative character. In a group interview, Salman has said. It was a very dark film, small film to be made under Rs 2 crore. At that point of time, it had Randeep Hooda and Arbaaz. So Arbaaz said he has been approached for this and its a good one so just hear it. Then six-eight months passed before I finally heard it. I think UTV was supposed to do it. I liked the feel of the film but Chulbul was out and out negative. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 20, 2019 12:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-says-she-always-had-to-deal-with-mean-comments-they-ask-why-is-she-working-she-should-be-with-taimur/story-Orin2lN8sgXGkFTxp3WslL.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoor says she always had to deal with mean comments: They ask why is she working, she should be with Taimur</title>
<body >Actor Kareena Kapoor has reiterated that being constantly being photographed is a life she, and husband Saif Ali Khan chose and Taimur has to now live with it. She said hiding Taimurs face from paparazzi is something she does not want to do at all. Speaking with Pinkvilla in an interview, Kareena said about her and husband Saifs reaction to paparazzi, He tries to keep cool and calm. He requests them to give him his space and thats the only thing he can do, being a public figure. I dont want him to grow up in a way where Im covering my childs face. I think that would scar him even more. He would be Why are you doing this? Thats not normal. Also read: Tamil director Bhagyaraj on sexual assault victims: Boys not only ones responsible, women have a weakness and they used it Talking about how Taimur refuses to let them take pictures at times, Kareena added, Of course (it affects). Even if we want to take pictures, Taimur sometimes says No photos. He has learnt to say that. Hes constantly being watched and he realises hes being clicked now. This culture has been there for a while now and nobody is asking anyone not to do their job. But we are just asking for a little space because they are children and we want them to grow up in an environment which is safe and secure, where they can be the way they want to be. Talking about things she has been told not to do, Kareena said, I shouldnt get married, i shouldnt become a mother. Even comments today..Theyre like oh, why is she working, she should be with Taimur or why is  she doing this, he should be with him..I mean who does all this and who says all this? Nobody knows my equation with him. I think, as a working woman, if my child knows his mother is a working woman, his respect for women will grow tenfold. I want to make a man of him, I want him to know that. He should know both his parents have worked really hard to give him a life and he should respect that. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Nov 27, 2019 12:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-reveals-plans-for-son-taimur-s-third-birthday-he-has-demanded-two-cakes/story-hhNKygBrvz7Kkv7tskGmNL.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoor reveals plans for son Taimurs third birthday: He has demanded two cakes</title>
<body >Actor Kareena Kapoor, who is busy with the promotions of her next film Good Newwz, recently spoke about the familys plans about celebrating her son, Taimur Ali Khans third birthday. The couple and their son went to South Africa last year and celebrated Taimurs second birthday in Cape Town. Kareena and Saif were there for an ad shoot. Speaking at an event, she was quoted in Times of India as saying, Taimurs birthday plans, we are going to be here (in Mumbai). Ill be promoting the film and Saif is here. We will be spending time with the family. He will have a small little get together with 8-10 of his friends. He definitely has demanded two cakes and not one. He is a Kapoor (laughs). He is like, I want two cakes. One Santa and one hulk. I said, Why two?, he is like Two! Speaking about her son at the recently-held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, Kareena had called him brave revealing how he accompanied her for a long, 20-day shoot in Chandigarh for her upcoming film, Laal Singh Chaddha. She also said how Veere Di Wedding, despite facing issues of not getting insurance at the beginning, went to win the box office. She had said, The film went on to become a success and my son came along with me to the shoot and I think that was the best decision as well. He has to know that his mother works. He has to respect the fact that both his parents work. Saif was like, if you want to continue, take him with you and keep him close. Let him know what you do. And thats what he has done, he is a brave, brave boy. He has come back from a 20-day shoot for Laal Singh Chaddha all over Punjab. And I shoot for 8 hours, rush back to put him to bed and I have a wonderful actor and producer - Aamir Khan, who supports me. Thats what a working mother and a working actor should be. I think things are changing in our world. Also read: Sharmila Tagore says if Anushka Sharma-Virat Kohli have a child, Taimur will be relegated; I hope so, says Kareena Kapoor Laal Singh Chaddha is the official Hindi remake of Hollywood classic, Forrest Gump, and stars Aamir Khan in the role, made famous by Tom Hanks. Early next year, Kareena will begin work on her next film, Takht, a Karan Johar directorial. The film, based on the later Mughal years, will see Ranveer Singh, playing Dara Shikoh, and Vicky Kaushal as Aurangzeb, in a succession battle. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 14, 2019 09:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aishwarya-rai-s-daughter-aaradhya-steps-out-in-a-sari-for-school-function-shah-rukh-khan-hrithik-roshan-turn-guests-see-pics/story-DyhKastFtrkuSifPyN5gXJ.html</url>
<title>Aishwarya Rais daughter Aaradhya steps out in a sari for school function, Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan turn guests. See pics</title>
<body >Aishwarya Rai made a stunning public appearance onFriday with daughter Aaradhya, who was seen in a sari for the first time. The eight-year-old was all decked up in a red and green sari for her schools Annual Day function. Aaradhya, who was gearing up for a dance performance on stage, was accompanied by her mother. While Aishwarya was in a dark pink kurta-churidaar, her daughter looked beautiful in a sari, with makeup and her hair tied in a bun adorned with white flowers. Aishwarya was later joined by husband Abhishek Bachchan, mother Brinda Rai, father-in-law Amitabh Bachchan and sister-in-law Shweta Nanda. Many other Bollywood celebrities including Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan, Raveena Tandon and photographer Dabboo Ratnani also attended the function. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Dec 20, 2019 at 3:25am PST A post shared by yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Dec 20, 2019 at 3:25am PST View this post on Instagram            A post shared by yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Dec 20, 2019 at 3:43am PST A post shared by yogen shah (@yogenshah_s) on Dec 20, 2019 at 3:43am PST Aaradhya has often accompanied Aishwarya to public events and red carpet appearances and has a huge fan following on social media. The star kid celebrated her eighth birthday in November with a grand party hosted by her superstar grandfather Amitabh Bachchan. Several Bollywood celebrities including Shah Rukh Khan and Karan Johar had attended the bash. Aishwarya recently dubbed for Angelina Jolies titular character in the Hindi version of the Disney film, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil, which released in October. Opening up about how Aaradhya reacted to her work in Maleficent, Aishwarya told Rajeev Masand in an interview, My kid loved it. It was almost like some divine decision-making... I get this mail and flashed on my phone when I was putting Aaradhya to bed. I was setting the alarm. And I read it and said it aloud Maleficent. Aaradhya heard it, and asked me, Are you doing the film? So her eyes lit up when she heard about the project. Also read: Shweta Tiwari on her daughter Palaks debut: She wants to sound like Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan Aishwarya will now be seen in Mani Ratnams adaptation of Tamil epic novel, Ponniyin Selvan. She is rumoured to have dual roles in the film that also stars  Karthi, Jayam Ravi, Anushka Shetty, Keerthy Suresh, Aishwarya Lekshmi and Amala Paul among others. Reportedly, Amitabh Bachchan will also make an appearance in the film. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 20, 2019 18:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/rakul-preet-singh-on-her-film-choices-i-just-go-by-my-gut-feeling/story-lj1wUQEiJh7yvFsDhjIEmL.html</url>
<title>Rakul Preet Singh on her film choices: I just go by my gut feeling</title>
<body >Rakul Preet Singh is ready to go wherever her work takes her. Trying her best to balance her projects in Bollywood and the south film industry, the actor wants to be a part of good stories and take up meatier roles. I think today lines are completely blurring Also, cinema is cinema and content is content. I am just looking at doing great roles that satisfy me. After De De Pyaar De and Marjaavaan, I got a very positive response here and I hope that I will get more interesting films in Bollywood that would help me in exploring more in terms of script and concept here. The projects I have signed next are quite interesting, adds Rakul, who will be seen alongside Arjun Kapoor and John Abraham in her next film. Explaining the process she follows to choose a project, Rakul admits that there are several factors which influence her. She says, Theres never one thing that makes you say yes. Sometimes you love the script so much that it makes you want to do it, sometimes you love the character, the director or the setup. It is always permutation and combination that works for me. Sometimes its also an actor you really want to work with, even when you dont have a strong role. I just go by my gut feeling, what I feel right at that point of time. Rakul has recently started shooting for her yet-untitled project  a race-against-time thriller with Arjun in Chandigarh. However, she refuses to talk much about the project now. The actor will also be seen in Indian 2 co-starring Kamal Haasan and a Telugu film, SK14 (working title). So how was it working with Haasan in Indian 2? He is amazing One of the most experienced actors in Indian cinema for the variety and the kind of roles he has done. I feel blessed to be able to share the screen with him, that I got the chance to work with him was enough there was so much to learn, Rakul shares. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 21, 2019 08:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-govinda-these-10-hilarious-scenes-prove-why-he-is-the-king-of-comedy/story-Q6v3hYZH3NGgL849X6F1dN.html</url>
<title>Happy Birthday Govinda: These 10 hilarious scenes prove why he is the king of comedy</title>
<body >Live television is no big deal in this day and age, but have you ever seen an alive (yes, you read that right) television? Well, Govinda made this path-breaking technology a reality, that too in the 1990s. In a hilarious scene from Hadh Kar Di Aapne, he switched from a Chinese man to an Arab to a Marathi manoos, all in the flick of a remote control button. Not only this, in a Guinness World Record-worthy feat, he also guzzled wine, kissed the girl, kicked the guy and took incriminating photographs of the couple while still staying in character! Even action scenes were given a funny twist by Govinda. In a scene from Coolie No 1, he comically played the bumbling fool to the hilt, before coming to Karisma Kapoors rescue and beating the bad guys to a pulp. Never judge a book by its cover, right? In Hero No 1, Govinda taught the viewers how to race against the time, with some help from a brick. Cant make sense of that? He gave everyone a lesson in speed-dressing as he entered his car wrapped in a towel but exited in a three-piece-suit. Though he was driving, he kept a brick on the accelerator as he wore his shirt, tie, blazer, trousers and even his shoes and socks. Also read: Sara Ali Khan tries knock-knock joke with Coolie No 1 co-star Varun Dhawan, calls him rude. Watch video Dulhe Raja saw Govinda conning Asrani into stopping his senior from getting on a train in a scene that sent the audience into splits. Agar aap logon ne nahi roka, toh main pankhe par rassi baad ke apne aap ko phaansi laga lungi! (If you dont stop him, I will commit suicide by hanging myself from a fan), he cries out as the exasperated begum Salma. When he is told that the only fan in their house is a table fan, he dramatically exclaims, Ya Allah! Ab main kispe latkungi? (Oh God! What will I hang myself on?) Govinda is undoubtedly Hero No 1 when it comes to the comedy genre. As he turns 56, here is a look at some of his best comedy scenes:           Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 21, 2019 08:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/taarak-mehta-ka-ooltah-chashmah-gets-its-new-dayaben-in-vibhuti-sharma-as-disha-vakani-dropped-report/story-bHWK8xops9tjhSTGdc4mpM.html</url>
<title>Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah gets its new Dayaben in Vibhuti Sharma as Disha Vakani dropped: report</title>
<body >After months of speculation, makers of popular show Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah may have found the replacement for Disha Vakani aka Dayaben. Reports claim that actor Vibhuti Sharma may have been finalised as the new face for the role that is now a household name. A Spotboye report claimed that Vibhuti shot a demo scene for the show and makers have found her the closest to the character. Vibhuti has worked in popular shows like Ram Kapoor- Sakshi Tanwars Bade Achche Lagte Hain. Disha, who created a huge fan following with to her act as Dayaben in the popular TV series, will not return as the producers are reportedly not ready to meet her demands. She went on a maternity leave in September 2017 and gave birth to a daughter in November. She has been a full-time mother since then. Also read:Taapsee Pannu to play ace Indian cricketer MithaliRaj Earlier this year, reports suggested that Disha had asked for a fee hike as well as a change in her working hours. She was reportedly asking for Rs 1.5 lakh per episode, as opposed to her previous remuneration of Rs 1.25 lakhs per episode. Attempts to reach the shows producer Asit Modi went unanswered. Earlier, talking about rumours around Dishas exit, Asit had said, Replacements and leap jumps are common in the television industry, they keep happening. It is nothing new and in the past whenever replacements have taken place, new actors have got accepted by the audience. On TV, an actor is known for its character and not by his name. Yes, we have started looking out for options because if in future Disha does not want to return we will have to replace her. But I would also like to add that Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is a positive show so we will hope for a positive result. Disha married businessman Mayur Pandya in 2015. Before Taarak Mehta K Ooltah Chashmah she had done small roles in Devdas and Jodha Akbar. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 03, 2019 15:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/saif-ali-khan-gave-a-special-gift-to-sister-in-law-karisma-kapoor-at-his-wedding-with-kareena-kapoor/story-UAzIoQbnDpo3OxvN6zuBtJ.html</url>
<title>Saif Ali Khan gave a special gift to sister-in-law Karisma Kapoor at his wedding with Kareena Kapoor</title>
<body >Actor Karisma Kapoor recently filled in for sister Kareena Kapoor as one of the judges on dance reality show, Dance India Dance. The actor made a stunning appearance on the show in a magenta sequinned gown and shared a special memory from Kareena and Saif Ali Khans wedding. According to a report in Mumbai Mirror, Karisma spoke about her brother-in-laws lovely gesture which she remembers even today. Talking about his special gift for her, she said, Nawab sahib, in his nawabi style, gave me a beautiful gift, a pair of earrings that is a cherished possession even today. She also described him as an amazing, super cool and chilled-out person. View this post on Instagram           Heres looking at ya  from the sets of @danceindiadance.official #dancekajungistaan #danceiconspecial #zeetv . . . Styled by @tanghavri HMU by @kritikagill Photo by @frontrowgypsy A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on Jul 3, 2019 at 9:41am PDT Heres looking at ya  from the sets of @danceindiadance.official #dancekajungistaan #danceiconspecial #zeetv . . . Styled by @tanghavri HMU by @kritikagill Photo by @frontrowgypsy A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on Jul 3, 2019 at 9:41am PDT Saif and Kareena tied the knot in October, 2012 and have a son Taimur. The couple is currently busy fulfilling work commitments in London. While Saif is shooting for his next, Jawaani Jaaneman, Kareena is filming Angrezi Medium with Irrfan Khan. Kareena had made round trips from London to shoot a few episodes of the show before Karisma pitched in. Kareena is one of the judges on the show, apart from rapper Raftaar and choreographer, Bosco Martis. ALSO WATCH |Taimur or Ranveer Singh? Kareena Kapoor picks her style winner  Karisma, along with her kids Samiera and Kiaan and parents Babita and Randhir Kapoor, was also vacationing in the UK during the time. She recently shared a family picture on Instagram. Both Kaeena and Karisma can be seen standing on Randhirs each side in the picture. View this post on Instagram           #family A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on Jul 8, 2019 at 8:58am PDT #family A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on Jul 8, 2019 at 8:58am PDT Also read: Salman Khan gets a dance class from Prabhudheva, grooves to Urvasi with Sudeep. Watch Karisma  will soon be making her digital debut with web series, Mentalhood. She will be seen as a blogger and a hassled mother of three kids on the show. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 10, 2019 21:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-on-the-lion-king-unfortunate-that-you-remember-teachings-of-parents-when-they-are-not-in-your-life/story-gW3UBrenDxjdl9e04i6uyL.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khan on The Lion King: Unfortunate that you remember teachings of parents when they are not in your life</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khan says he generally does not look for moral lessons in a film but believes the story of The Lion King is important because it talks about the precious bond between a parent and child. The 53-year-old actor, who along with his son Aryan will be voicing for King Mufasa and his son Simba respectively in the Hindi version, believes one remembers the teachings of ones parents only when they are gone.  The story inheritably gives a lot of morals. I personally dont look for morals in a movie and enjoy it as pure entertainment.  It is inheritably entertaining because it does talk about relationships. Many times, when kids are growing with their parents, they dont realise that what their parents say could actually come handy much later on.    Its unfortunate that you remember the teachings of your parents when they are not in your life, Shah Rukh said in a statement here. The actor believes it is never a bad thing to listen to ones parents as their teachings never fail one in life.   Somewhere down the line, the story reflects that its nicer to listen to your parents and understand the deeper meaning of what they are saying to you. It does teach you that  Our parents always live within us and their teachings never go away. Also read :The Lion King first reactions are here: Ive never heard as much clapping during a movie  Personally, I do feel the same, the small things that my father and mother said actually define me now, and I realise it now and I didnt realise it then, Shah Rukh said. Directed by Jon Favreau, the filmmaker behind movies such as Iron Man and The Jungle Book, Disneys The Lion King is scheduled to be released on July 19 in English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 10, 2019 17:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-to-shoot-courtroom-scenes-over-15-days-for-dabangg-3-reports/story-uEE1wmvWtf3DXDph9R9GCN.html</url>
<title>Salman Khan to shoot courtroom scenes over 15 days for Dabangg 3: reports</title>
<body >The third film in Salman Khans hit cop franchise Dabangg 3 will reportedly feature elaborate courtroom scenes. An Asian Age report claimed Salman will shoot for around 15 days for the courtroom scenes. It quoted a source as saying, There are locations like the courtroom, and locations outside the court as well where scenes are to be filmed. This is the first time that any film in the Dabangg series will have extensive courtroom scenes; Salman is slated to shoot for half a month at these locations. The source added that Salman often shoots in Abu Dhabi as his production company gets major subsidies there. Salman will wrap up the songs and will then move on to shoot for Sanjay Leela Bhansalis film. His company has a good deal from Abu Dhabi, and he prefers shooting there as he gets huge subsidies when he shoots for his film productions there. He virtually does not spend a penny when shooting in UAE, it said. Also read: Salman Khan gets a dance class from Prabhudheva, grooves to Urvasi with Sudeep. Watch Directed by Prabhudheva, Dabangg 3 will see Salman reprising his role of police officer Chulbul Pandey. The film also stars Sonakshi Sinha, Nikitin Dheer and Sudeep. Sonakshi plays is wife, Rajjo, while Nikitin and Sudeep enter the franchise to essay negative roles. Vinod Khannas brother Pramod Khanna will play Salmans dad in the film - a role that late actor Vinod essayed in the first two films. Dimple Kapadia will also return as his mother Naini Devi. She starred in the original 2010 film Dabangg but her character died in the film and she was not seen in the second movie. Dabangg 3 is rumoured to be a prequel and may aim to showcase Chulbuls life before he became a cop. Arbaaz Khan will also return as Chulbuls half-brother Makhanchand Pandey aka Makkhi, and Mahie Gill reprises her role of Makkhis wife Nirmala. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 10, 2019 17:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/sara-says-bye-bye-to-bidaai/story-269u8uFWeAogpnW9y2vdZI.html</url>
<title>Sara says bye bye to Bidaai</title>
<body > Shahi denies any creative differences with the actress but insists that if the channel has decided to knock her out, Khan doesnt have a choice. The decision is ours, he asserts. Yes, Sadhana will die but thats not because Sara and I have fallen out or she wants to quit the show. We may even bring her back later. A source close to the production house confirms Khans exit and says shes upset about it because she has no other shows in hand. Even her deal on the acting school that she opened recently with Karan Mehra has fallen through. She wouldnt want to sit at home twiddling her thumbs, waiting for another offer to come along, points out the source. Too youngKhan echoes Shahi, saying he treats her like his child and that she has no complaints against his production house. But Im only 20 and I dont want to play a character double my age, she argues. It would send a wrong message to the industry. But Im sure of one thing, even if Sadhana dies tomorrow, Rajanji will find a way of bringing me back. </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 22, 2010 13:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-rashami-desai-was-never-bankrupt-actor-s-manager-refutes-arhaan-khan-s-claims-of-helping-her/story-V2IVqdqy5hv19CKaUZ8LgO.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13:Rashami Desai was never bankrupt, actors manager refutes Arhaan Khans claims of helping her</title>
<body >TV actor Rashami Desai has accepted that she went bankrupt and former boyfriend Arhaan Khan had claimed to have helped her during the time. Her manager, however, has now said that though the TV actor was out of work for a few months, she was never bankrupt. Rashamis manager told Pinkvilla in an interview, Rashami and I have been working with each other since 2013. About bankruptcy, even if Rashami stops working today, for the next 10 years she cannot get bankrupt. For someone who owns a flat in a high-end building in a Mumbai, has four more vehicles. The time which Arhaan mentioned (where she allegedly was bankrupt), she owned two luxury cars which were on her own. Also read:AngreziMedium trailer: This is Irrfan Khan we have all been waiting for. Watch He added,  Yes, I can say that she was in a space where she wasnt working on television. She was not getting her big monthly cheques. You can say that she took a break of 4-5 months which every actor takes which was her choice. Despite that she had been doing events. She is the queen of events from the world of television. She fends herself well even during her sabbatical. Reminded that Rashami also said inside the house that she was bankrupt, Santosh said, We know Rashami accepted that she was bankrupt inside the house, she might have said it in a moment, just like she said she knew of Arhaans marriage initially. Once she is out, she might clarify that she was never bankrupt. Whatever relationship she had with Arhaan, but no one can never attach the word bankruptcy with Rashami. Talking to Arhaan about her issues with Sidharth Shukla, Rashami had said admitted she was bankrupt. She claimed he was sent out of the show twice, adding that he would often abuse her and taunt her on the sets of Dil Se Dil Tak. When Arhaan questioned Rashamis silence at the time, she asserted her need for work. I was bankrupt, I had loans to pay back, I did not have a house. So I just decided I should ignore all that and stick to my professional attitude and work, she said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 13, 2020 14:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/bigg-boss-13-contestant-vishal-aditya-singh-on-fights-with-madhurima-tuli-hold-myself-responsible-should-have-kept-distance/story-UReeLLFxlXQ7nCNxQtE2WL.html</url>
<title>Bigg Boss 13 contestant Vishal Aditya Singh on fights with Madhurima Tuli: Hold myself responsible, should have kept distance</title>
<body >Vishal Aditya Singh, who was recently evicted from Bigg Boss 13, has said that he regrets not stipulating in his contract that his ex-girlfriend Madhurima Tuli shouldnt enter the house. Madhurima was thrown out of the house a few weeks before him, after she hit Vishal with a pan during a heated argument. Calling it the highlight of his stay in the house, he told Indian Express in an interview, The highlight for me would be all the fights with Madhurima. As for the regret, I think I should have put it in my contract that she wouldnt join the show along with me. That might have changed things. Talking about how Madhurimas presence on the show affected him, he said, I am a very emotional person, and people who are close to me do affect me, in some way or the other. With Madhurima, I think there were too many unnecessary fights, which I think we could have avoided. I hold myself responsible for this because I knew what kind of a person she is. I should have kept the distance and concentrated more on my game. I shouldnt have tried to sort things out, which unfortunately turned worse. Vishal was one of the wild card entries on the show. Madhurima, who had participated with him as an ex-girlfriend on Nach Baliye season 9, followed him in the house soon after. After her eviction, Vishal had confessed to Shehnaaz Gill, I was always deeply in love with her. No matter she beats me up or kills me, she has 1000 reasons for not staying with me, even I have 1000 reasons, I could never come out it. Also read: Bigg Boss 13: Mahira Sharma to be evicted mid-week amid countdown to finale? Talking about hitting Vishal, Madhurima had told Pinkvilla in an interview, At that moment, I did not know what to do. I had this much sense that I shouldnt hit him on head or hand because that could get him injured so I hit him in bum thinking it wouldnt hurt so much. I did not think through then that it could backfire at me. The way I hit him, yes, I shouldnt have used frying pan, I should have used my hand or kick him once. That would have been much better. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 05, 2020 19:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/kaun-banega-crorepati-12-registrations-open-tonight-amitabh-bachchan-says-you-can-t-put-breaks-on-flight-of-dreams/story-qZmzLcEvlCZy3oe7c8OLHK.html</url>
<title>Kaun Banega Crorepati 12 registrations open tonight, Amitabh Bachchan says you cant put breaks on flight of dreams</title>
<body >The registrations for the twelfth season of popular game show Kaun Banega Crorepati will open on Saturday, and host Amitabh Bachchan shared a video calling all aspiring participants to register. In  the video, Amitabh says in Hindi, Everything can be stalled. Your friendship with the roads, the discussion over tea, everything can be halted. The office service, midnight strolls, love in malls, friends in the streets,  morning school, dirt on the roads, the fast pace of life, the mess in a conference room, the banter with your domestic help, the sound of a train, of a hearts beat. Everything can be stalled. But there is one thing that cannot be halted - the flight of dreams. So in your way to fulfilling your dreams, lie your registrations and my questions. Also read: Ramayan actor Dipika Chikhlia would love to play Kaikeyi, Sunil Lahri wishes to play Raavans role if given a chance He wrote alongside the video, We are coming back ..!!! @sonytvofficial  Har cheez ko break lag sakta hai par sapnon ko break nahee lag sakta hai. Aapke sapnon ko udaan dene phir aa rahe hain @amitabhbachchan lekar #KBC12. Registrations shuru honge 9 May raat 9 baje se sirf Sony TV par. View this post on Instagram           We are coming back ..!!! Repost @sonytvofficial  Har cheez ko break lag sakta hai par sapnon ko break nahee lag sakta hai. Aapke sapnon ko udaan dene phir aa rahe hain @amitabhbachchan lekar #KBC12. Registrations shuru honge 9 May raat 9 baje se sirf Sony TV par A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 8, 2020 at 10:28pm PDT We are coming back ..!!! Repost @sonytvofficial  Har cheez ko break lag sakta hai par sapnon ko break nahee lag sakta hai. Aapke sapnon ko udaan dene phir aa rahe hain @amitabhbachchan lekar #KBC12. Registrations shuru honge 9 May raat 9 baje se sirf Sony TV par A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 8, 2020 at 10:28pm PDT Amitabh had shot the video at home, because of the coronavirus lockdown. Talking about it, he wrote on his blog, So yes I worked .. got a problem with that .. keep it to yourself then .. damned if you pour it out here in this locked in condition .. sufficient precaution as much that could be taken was taken .. and what had been scheduled for 2 days, was completed in one day .. starting 6pm .. ending a short while NOW !!  Personal gratifications to the many that ask .. and then the KBC pile of several.. in all about 10 to 12 videos and then hours of audio recordings .. also for the same , KBC .. and the speculation as to how they shall conduct it .. there have been no definite answers for that .. but the authority hopes well and long .. so. Earlier, explaining the campaigns execution process, director Nitesh Tiwari had told IANS, For the execution bit, I had various chats with Mr. Bachchan, and to make it easier for him because he was only going to shoot the film at his house, I made a scratch film featuring me. My daughter (worked) as the cinematographer. I edited that film and I sent it across to him so that he could get a good idea about how I was looking at the film. And then Mr Bachchan did the rest. In fact, he did more. He was kind enough to send optional takes also...in case, I needed to look at alternatives. After that we did the post-production work, everybody sitting at their own homes. Whenever we get down to working on KBC campaigns, what we normally do is we tap into the mindset of the people of the country at that point of time and given the situation we all are in, we chose to explore the possibility of having a campaign which was based around the idea of we being in the situation and how you tie it up to KBC as a game show. We all know KBC is not just a game show. Its a means for peoples dreams to be fulfilled. Thats when we got this idea, he added. This will be the 12th season of KBC - a show that Amitabh has been hosting for several years now. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 09, 2020 16:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aamir-khan-cheers-scriptwriters-asks-them-to-continue-writing-in-lockdown-every-filmmaker-needs-a-good-script/story-C1qpd10z8AcHA1K3sdXVHK.html</url>
<title>Aamir Khan cheers scriptwriters, asks them to continue writing in lockdown: Every filmmaker needs a good script</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Aamir Khan has suggested that writers should not stop amid the lockdown in wake of coronavirus outbreak and rather continue with more enthusiasm. A Mid Day report quoted Aamir as saying, Budding scriptwriters should continue writing with more enthusiasm, especially during these times. Every filmmaker needs a good script. Aamir is on the panel of judges for an initiative that awards five winners with a cash prize of Rs 50 lakh. Anjum Rajabali, Rajkumar Hirani  and Juhi Chaturvedi are also on the panel. In a video announcing the winners of the contest, Aamir said,  Those who did not make it to the top five should not get discouraged. In fact, scriptwriters should continue writing with more enthusiasm, especially during these times. Every filmmaker needs a good script. The wait is finally over! The WINNERS of the 2nd edition of #CinestaanScriptContest will be announced on 'NOW SHOWING' by @RajeevMasand on CNN-IBN on Friday, 8th May at 11.00PM. Heres a message from our jury members- https://t.co/h6eZBMEjPn pic.twitter.com/iiPDVipSqI cinestaan (@cinestaan) May 8, 2020 The wait is finally over! The WINNERS of the 2nd edition of #CinestaanScriptContest will be announced on 'NOW SHOWING' by @RajeevMasand on CNN-IBN on Friday, 8th May at 11.00PM. Heres a message from our jury members- https://t.co/h6eZBMEjPn pic.twitter.com/iiPDVipSqI Also read: Keh Gayi Sorry teaser: Shehnaaz Gill pairs up with Jassie Gill in new music video, watch Aamir was recently seen in a recreated version of his hit song, Dil Chahta Hai title track from the 2001 hit film that also featured Farhan Akhtar and Akshaye Khanna.  Singer-composer Shankar Mahadevan recreated the track to raise funds for Indian artistes hit by the coronavirus pandemic. The new version features 112 artistes from 21 countries and is in support of the BIX COVID Fund. T-Series will be donating all the proceeds from the song to the cause. In a challenging time like this, it is our responsibility to overcome the obstacles and provide help to the needy. This initiative by Shankar Mahadevan, Berklee Indian Ensemble and us is a step to help the artistes whose livelihood has been affected, Bhushan Kumar of T-Series, said in a statement. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 09, 2020 15:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-8-year-old-alia-bhatt-joined-parents-soni-razdan-and-mahesh-bhatt-on-reality-show-said-actress-banungi-watch/story-GNdPcmBvnQVI93CrUiB7MJ.html</url>
<title>When 8-year-old Alia Bhatt joined parents Soni Razdan and Mahesh Bhatt on reality show, said actress banungi. Watch</title>
<body >Long before Alia Bhatt became one of the top actors in Bollywood, she had joined her parents -- actor Soni Razdan and filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt -- on a reality show, Jeena Isi Ka Naam Hai. When actor-host Suresh Oberoi asked her what she wants to do in the future, she had said, Actress banungi. Soni and Mahesh were joined by Pooja Bhatt, Shaheen Bhatt and Alia on stage, followed by a formal introduction. While introducing an 8-year-old Alia, Mahesh said, Alia is aspiring to be an actress. While introducing Shaheen, Pooja said, I am sure she is not remotely interested in being an actress, to which Shaheen replied, Not at all. On being asked if she wanted to become a director like Mahesh, she said she wanted to become a writer, which she did. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Alia  FAN PAGE (@aliaabhattpics) on May 7, 2020 at 6:06am PDT A post shared by Alia  FAN PAGE (@aliaabhattpics) on May 7, 2020 at 6:06am PDT Talking about Maheshs alcoholic past, Soni had said that he gave it all up after the birth of Shaheen. Sharing an incident from the day of her birth, he said, I picked her in arms and she turned her face away due to the smell of alcohol coming from me. I couldnt bear this rejection and I pledged to never touch even a drop of alcohol. Todays shes 13 years old and I havent touched alcohol since 13 years, she saved me. Alia had made her Bollywood debut with Karan Johars Student of the Year, opposite Varun Dhawan and Sidharth Malhotra. Since then, she has delivered several successful films including Highway, Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania, Badrinath Ki Dulhania, Raazi and many more. Also read: When Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan, Ranbir Kapoor-Alia Bhatt joined Rishi Kapoor in New York, spot Aaradhya in his lap Wishing Alia on her birthday in 2017, Mahesh had called her his masterpiece in a social media post. She will now be seen in his film, Sadak 2, which will also mark the return of her half-sister Pooja as an actor. The film also stars Aditya Roy Kapur and Sanjay Dutt. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 09, 2020 15:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aishwarya-rai-transforms-into-a-greek-goddess-celestial-nymph-in-this-photo-shoot-done-15-years-ago-see-pics/story-sbFpk6Aap4kz1WaU57LyhN.html</url>
<title>Aishwarya Rai transforms into a Greek goddess, celestial nymph in this photo shoot done 15 years ago, see pics</title>
<body >Actor Aishwarya Rai has been as successful a Bollywood star as she has been a showstopper. While her modelling work has significantly come down over the years, in her younger days, the work was pretty exhaustive. Some days ago, top designer Ashley Rebello shared a bunch of pictures of a young Aishwarya from a 15-year old calendar photo shoot. Ace photographer Atul Kasbekar shot the pictures Two of the three pictures feature Aishwarya in combination of white and gold while a third one sees her in an all-gold ensemble with a matching hoodie. Sharing one of the pictures,Ashley had written: The beauty at her early years, 15 years back with @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb . All 3 styled and designed by me. This picture features Aishwarya as a Roman beauty as we see her posing in front of, what appears to be, a relief of Romes Pantheon. The second picture features her in a golden space-age dress. Sharing it, Ashley wrote: Major throw back Alert !!Relief work on cement with 6 different looks. A calendar shoot with gorgeous @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb very stylish and futuristic. View this post on Instagram           The beauty at her early years, 15 years back with @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb . All 3 styled and designed by me. #ashleyreballo #aishwaryarai #photoshoot  @atulkasbekar A post shared by  Ashley Rebello (@ashley_rebello) on Apr 3, 2020 at 4:34am PDT The beauty at her early years, 15 years back with @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb . All 3 styled and designed by me. #ashleyreballo #aishwaryarai #photoshoot  @atulkasbekar A post shared by  Ashley Rebello (@ashley_rebello) on Apr 3, 2020 at 4:34am PDT View this post on Instagram           This was a shoot that I did with gorgeous @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb many years ago. #ashleyreballo #aishwaryarai #photoshoot  @atulkasbekar A post shared by  Ashley Rebello (@ashley_rebello) on Apr 3, 2020 at 4:30am PDT This was a shoot that I did with gorgeous @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb many years ago. #ashleyreballo #aishwaryarai #photoshoot  @atulkasbekar A post shared by  Ashley Rebello (@ashley_rebello) on Apr 3, 2020 at 4:30am PDT View this post on Instagram           Major throw back Alert !! Relief work on cement with 6 different looks. A calendar shoot with gorgeous @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb very stylish and futuristic. #ashleyreballo #aishwaryarai #photoshoot  @atulkasbekar A post shared by  Ashley Rebello (@ashley_rebello) on Apr 3, 2020 at 4:33am PDT Major throw back Alert !! Relief work on cement with 6 different looks. A calendar shoot with gorgeous @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb very stylish and futuristic. #ashleyreballo #aishwaryarai #photoshoot  @atulkasbekar A post shared by  Ashley Rebello (@ashley_rebello) on Apr 3, 2020 at 4:33am PDT Sharing the third picture is where Aishwarya is dressed as an Indian celestial beauty, an apsara, Ashley wrote: This was a shoot that I did with gorgeous @aishwaryaraibachchan_arb many years ago. #ashleyreballo #aishwaryarai #photoshoot @atulkasbekar. The relief here features, what appears to be, the sculpted walls of a temple. Also read: Sonam Kapoor offers glimpse inside lavish home, shares snapshots during quarantine with Anand Ahuja Aishwarya, meanwhile, has been staying home with her daughter Aaradhya Bachchan, husband Abhishek Bachchan, father-in-law Amitabh Bachchan, sister-in-law Shweta Bachchan Nanda and niece, Navya Naveli Nanda through the lockdown. Her Instagram posts have been rare but she did take to the photo-sharing platform to express her grief at the passing away of two stalwarts of Hindi films, Rishi Kapoor and IrrfanKhan, in April this year. She also shared how they took part in the Janta curfew and other campaigns, called by PM Modi, through the lockdown put in place for coronavirus pandemic.  Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 13:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/tere-bina-salman-khan-and-jacqueline-fernandez-romance-in-remote-corners-of-his-panvel-farmhouse-watch/story-9GBqCVvqdLLndrItgNiHqM.html</url>
<title>Tere Bina: Salman Khan and Jacqueline Fernandez romance in remote corners of his Panvel farmhouse. Watch</title>
<body >Salman Khan released the music video for his latest original track, Tere Bina, on his YouTube channel on Tuesday. The video was produced in its entirety during the coronavirus lockdown by Salman and a small team at his Panvel farmhouse. The video features Salman and Jacqueline Fernandez, who is also quarantining with him at the farmhouse, romancing in nature. There are shots of them riding horses and a bike, and cuddling in the sunset and inside a bedroom. Salman and Jacqueline also go on long drives, take dips in the pool, and experiment with painting. The video ends with Salman waking up, as if from a dream, and seeing a little girl in place of Jacqueline; perhaps their daughter. The song has been composed by Ajay Bhatia, with lyrics by Shabbir Ahmed and vocals by Salman. Loveyatri director Abhiraj Minawala has been credited as Salmans associate director on the music video. Tere Bina, shot over four days, is his cheapest production till date, Salman had previously told actor Waluscha De Souza in a mock interview. Waluscha is also quarantining with the actor at his farmhouse. Gaana mere zehen mein tha (I already had the song in mind), so I thought of releasing it at this time, he said. Salman added that has learnt a lot while shooting during the lockdown. Its a learning experience that three people can very easily shoot a song. We didnt need any make-up artist, hair stylist, he said. However, it was not easy to edit the track. Things were slow. Everyones using wifi, so internet speed was so slow that it took us 24 to 36 hours to download some files. Everything went back and forth about 70 to 80 times. Finally, we got our edit, our teaser, Salman shared. Also read: Tere Bina: Salman Khan and Jacqueline Fernandez made entire music video at Panvel farmhouse, with just 1 more person Jacqueline in an interview to The Times of India had said that besides Salman, who also directed the video, and herself, only one other person was involved in its making. She said that she was made in charge of the lighting. Before Tere Bina, Salman had released another DIY music video, Pyaar Karona, shot and produced from his farmhouse. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 12:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sushmita-sen-s-boyfriend-rohman-shawl-turns-fitness-trainer-for-her-daughters-renee-alisah-watch/story-SwCpZk80XPVbbKoexN5UTK.html</url>
<title>Sushmita Sens boyfriend Rohman Shawl turns fitness trainer for her daughters Renee, Alisah. Watch</title>
<body >Sushmita Sen and boyfriend Rohman Shawl are fitness enthusiasts and often share pictures and videos of their home workouts and the yoga challenges they throw at each other. Sushmita has now shared a video of her younger daughters Renee and Alisah working out under the guidance of Rohman. Sharing the video, Sushmita wrote, My munchkin ... Something to wake up to!!! #fly #love #courage #iam I love you guys!!! #duggadugga. The video opens with a quote, If you can hold your fear long enough, it turns to courage and Alisah turning upside down with help of gymnastic rings with Rohman keeping a close watch. Her sister Renee is seen standing besides her.  The later part of the video shows the rest of the family including Sushmita, Renee and Rohman performing the same exercise. While Sushmita and Rohman too manage to turn upside down, Renee is seen making an effort with I can I will captioned on the video. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sushmita Sen (@sushmitasen47) on Apr 22, 2020 at 9:44am PDT A post shared by Sushmita Sen (@sushmitasen47) on Apr 22, 2020 at 9:44am PDT Sushmita recently shared a glimpse of Rohman and her attempt at performing the garbhasana. Sharing the video, she wrote, #garbhasana. All grown up  yet nothing beats the comfort of the fetus pose!! Nothing calms the mind faster than going back to the source!!... besides, @rohmanshawl attempting this with me is #adorable ...we wish you calm  all the love in the world!! #yourturn ...I love you guys!!! #duggadugga. Also read: When Alia Bhatt joined Kareena Kapoor, Karisma Kapoor for a magazine photoshoot. See pic Sushmita and family have been in quarantine amid coronavirus outbreak and have been making the best use of their quality time together. The actor recently told Rajeev Masand in an interview that she is not the one to cook during lockdown. She said, Its never been my thing. Never ever, though I know how to make anda bread and have made it for my daughter. Rohman got lucky once. But I think Rohman is better in the kitchen. He is amazing with cooking. I dont know how he does it but his eggs are better than what I cook and he makes the worlds most incredible coffee. Renee cooks really well. Alisah is not allowed. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 10:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/happy-birthday-karan-johar-did-you-know-he-made-his-acting-debut-with-a-doordarshan-show-watch-video/story-cGoDB6zzWek7AM3D8XSBJM.html</url>
<title>Happy birthday Karan Johar: Did you know he made his acting debut with a Doordarshan show? Watch video</title>
<body >From filmmaker to producer to actor to reality show judge, Karan Johar wears many hats. On his 48th birthday, did you know he started his career in the entertainment industry as a child artiste in a 1989 Doordarshan series titled Indradhanush? Contrary to popular belief, Karan did not make his acting debut with a supporting role in Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol-starrer Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge. He spoke about working in the show on Sajid Khan and Riteish Deshmukhs chat show Yaaron Ki Baaraat. Karan said that though he shot for Indradhanush when he was around 14 or 15 years old, it came out a few years later, due to a delay in the production. By this time, he was already in his second year of college. I was ragged when I was 18 about something I did when I was 15. It was not fair, he said, adding that he felt embarrassed when he watched it now. Directed and produced by Anand Mahendroo, Indradhanush was a childrens series which dealt with themes of outer space and time travel. Karan played a young boy named Shrikant. View this post on Instagram           On Karan Johar's birthday, here is something unknown about him. A post shared by  Latest Bollywood Videos (@bollywoodlatestvideos) on May 24, 2020 at 11:14am PDT On Karan Johar's birthday, here is something unknown about him. A post shared by  Latest Bollywood Videos (@bollywoodlatestvideos) on May 24, 2020 at 11:14am PDT  Also see: Kuch Kuch Hota Hai fans cant keep calm as Archana Puran Singh aka Miss Braganza shares message for Anupam Khers Malhotra After a supporting role in Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge and special appearances in a few films, Karan made his full-fledged acting in the box office disaster Bombay Velvet, directed by Anurag Kashyap. He also starred in Chakri Toletis Welcome To New York. Recently, Karan shared a picture of himself on Instagram, flaunting his grey hair, and joked that he was ready to do father roles in films. I know my acting stint was scarier than the current virus but there is no harm in hoping for a second chance! So to all enterprising casting directors ,to all risk taking filmmakers , to critics with a high threshold of pain and to easy to please audiences I have an announcement to make!!!! I AM AVAILABLE FOR FATHER ROLES! ( at 48 with a poor track record I promise i cant afford to be choosy), he wrote. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 08:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/disha-patani-grooves-to-beyonce-s-beats-here-s-how-rumoured-boyfriend-tiger-shroff-his-sister-krishna-shroff-reacted/story-s0ZNl1aR7MuzJ0cNto0aDP.html</url>
<title>Disha Patani grooves to Beyonces beats, heres how rumoured boyfriend Tiger Shroff, his sister Krishna Shroff reacted</title>
<body >Disha Patani occasionally shares videos from her at-home dance sessions on Instagram, and her latest post has got some interesting reactions from rumoured boyfriend Tiger Shroff and his sister Krishna Shroff. Her latest post shows her grooving to a Beyonce number. Disha posted the video with a filter on Instagram and captioned it, Beyonce vibes are on #savagechallenge. Tiger Shroff reacted to it with several claps and fire emojis. Disha acknowledged his reaction with several hearts in the comments section. View this post on Instagram           Beyonce vibes are on #savagechallenge  A post shared by  disha patani (paatni) (@dishapatani) on May 24, 2020 at 1:56am PDT Beyonce vibes are on #savagechallenge  A post shared by  disha patani (paatni) (@dishapatani) on May 24, 2020 at 1:56am PDT The video garnered more than 2.6 million views in a few hours. Tigers sister Krishna also showered the video with see-no-evil emojis and a heart emoji. On the other hand, Dishas sister Khushboo Patani commented, Bravooo.  Actor Elli Avram also wrote, This is Savage. Singer Siddharth Mahadevan wrote, Killed it Dishhh. Watching her live was just insane na? Many of her fans also showered the video with praise. A fan wrote, Your moves like outstanding. Another wrote, This video gives heart attack to my eyes. Last week, Disha had praised Krishna for her fitness. Krishna took to Instagram, where she shared a photograph of herself holding a puppy. In the image, she is seen in a black crop top and pants. She captioned the image: Snug. Disha took to the comments section and wrote: So cute... Your core Also read: Esha Gupta on dealing with ACL injury: Whatever I had earned in beginning, I spent it on physios, took a year to recover This is not the first time Disha and Krishna have expressed mutual admiration on social media. Recently, the two were seen exchanging compliments over a photograph posted by Disha.The actor had posted a photograph of herself in a black Dragon Ball-Z T-shirt, and Krishna had commented: Your skin is freaking amazing. What you using. To this, Disha replied: Look who is talking, youre flawless. On the work front, Disha was last seen in Malang, which also features Anil Kapoor, Aditya Roy Kapoor and Kunal Kemmu. She will next be seen in Radhe, starring Salman Khan. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 09:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/vir-das-exclusive-interview-the-guy-who-gets-upset-is-never-the-politician-but-the-guy-who-loves-the-politician/story-XWho2Zai11JA7MlnuimGbO.html</url>
<title>Vir Das exclusive interview: The guy who gets upset is never the politician, but the guy who loves the politician</title>
<body >Vir Das is quick to admit that he has always seen himself as the outsider. He is just as capable of self-deprecation -- Im five foot eight-and-a-half and I dont know anybody, he told Hindustan Times -- as he is to making self-important statements such as this: Im a comedian who does Bollywood and a Bollywood guy who does comedy.  Im an Indian for the Western audiences and Western for the Indian audiences. Hes always had an outsiders perspective, he said. No wonder the comedian Sorabh Pant at a recent event described Das as the Priyanka Chopra of comedy.  Pant used to write jokes for Das back in the day, when standup comedy in India was still finding its footing. As someone who has long been considered somewhat of a pioneer, Das said he has learned that the more powerful they are, the cooler they are with the joke. In his latest special, Vir Das: For India, his third for the streaming giant Netflix, the comedian punches up at powerful corporations and personalities, without ever losing the moral compass that he prides himself on having. Ive performed for the biggest people in India and made fun of them to their face  from Bollywood to companies and corporations, he said. Im a very small fish in their pond.  Das said that he doesnt self-censor at all and that to his mind, The guy who gets upset is never the politician or the businessman, its the guy who loves the politician or the businessman. He does, however, express his irritation towards the uncle community thats running the country and running the world. All I know is that Ive never been screamed at by anybody but an uncle, and Ive never gotten into trouble with anybody but an uncle, Das said. The aunties and young people, however, have always been great to him. We have to get aunties voices out there and we have to get young boys and young girls voices out there. But this is the first time Das has done a special about India and he said he realises that youre not going to get away with doing a show about India and not talk about these things. By these things the comedian is perhaps referring to the transitional phase that Indian is currently experiencing. Das has been very vocal in recent months about issues as wide-ranging as the student-led protests across the country against the controversial CAA-NRC acts, and a rise in the misreporting of facts by mainstream media. But he has a hack. The best way to address it in a way that brings everybody together, he said, so dont make it too one-sided or at the very least dont cushion the fact that this is your opinion. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: Jan 23, 2020 16:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/hasmukh-review-vir-das-kills-a-promising-idea-with-a-mediocre-show/story-sFRmalMNTZYECwn1ALjbuM.html</url>
<title>Hasmukh review: Vir Das kills a promising idea with a mediocre show</title>
<body >HasmukhDirector: Nikhil GonsalvesCast:Vir Das, Ranvir Shorey, Ravi Kishen Its such a shame when a good idea strikes the wrong people. Vir Das had an epiphany for the agesa stand-up comedian who needs to charge his soul with murder, every time he steps up to the stage. Its the perfect Killing Joke; or it could have been in the hands of a better writers. What we have now is a joke of a series, which fails to deliver on either the dark or the comedic aspects of the designated genre. From the beginning itself, things just dont seem right with Hasmukh (Vir). In the very first scene, the timid and anxious Hansmukh slits his comedian gurus (Manoj Pahwa) throat when he refuses to fulfil his promise of giving him a break on the stage. This pivotal moment comes too early in the narrative, not giving the audience any time to witness why or how Hasmukh reached his breaking point. It may be his first murder, but he pulls it off with more confidence than any that follow. He shoots right to the stage after splitting open the dead mans head and delivers a starry performance to a wedding party in Saharanpur. Watch the trailer for Hasmukh:  Of course, there is absolutely nothing starry about that performance. The screenwriters made a note in the script*and the crowd goes wild*and the junior actors laughed and applauded as they were told. But not a single joke from Hasmukhs murder-induced performance or any that succeeds it through the entirety of the show, is funny in the slightest. The pact with Satan would have seemed more believable if the patni-peedit jokes were not this lame. But Hasmukh has made up his mind, killing a few bad people is worth a career in comedy. He sets targets on his abusive chachaji, a party leaders corrupt PA, a greedy lawyer, a girlfriend-beater, a rapist superstar and multiple others. While a couple of these escape his clutches, most end up choked to death with his leather belt. For Hasmukh, with each subsequent murder, it becomes progressively a mechanical job but the jokes never improve. The police get on his tail, as he becomes more human with each murder. He tells himself and us that he is not the good guy and that he sees the men he has murdered in his nightmares. However, he never hesitates the next time he sets eyes on his target. His guilt and imposter syndrome manifests itself in the rotting, walking corpse of Manoj Pahwa who sh*t-talks at him before every show. Hasmukh, however, is easily able to ward him off with a wave of his hand. Hasmukh is joined in his criminal-comedian lifestyle by his manager Jimmy (Ranvir Shorey). Together, they find targets, sign contracts with television studios, throw corpses in incinerators, go on double dates with their girlfriends and meet with mafia bosses. Ranvir and Virs chemistry as murderous bros may be the only redeeming factor of the otherwise hopeless series. They quickly become partners in a dark life and have genuine care and affection for each other. Ranvir is also perhaps the only one making a positive contribution in the acting department in this show. His greedy eyes lighten up on seeing a fat paycheck and well up when he is accused of being disloyal. He is also the jumpy, singing, dancing idiot who rarely gets annoying. Also read:Karan Johar pens emotional note for daily wage workers, extends help to govt and NGOs to fight Covid-19 But the show makes sure you are reminded often of the substandard mess you are watching. There are multiple shots of cleavages for the perusal of a sleazy television head (Ravi Kishen) that seem more apt for those Tusshar Kapoor movies from the last decade than a Netflix Original. There are also teenage boys pulling on womens bra straps and landing in a MeToo case of their own. People break into impromptu, choreographed dance parties and every other character has a takia kalaam like a SAB TV comedy. Even with this huge, stinking pile of issues, the biggest crime committed by Hasmukh is that it is hopelessly unfunny. Vir Das was expected to do just one thing correctly and it was giving the series a big helping of humour and wit. But all the jokes do is kill your patience. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 18, 2020 16:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/delhi-hc-declines-to-grant-interim-stay-on-airing-of-netflix-series-hasmukh/story-xJJ51kKiNQ2N66x7bkXWjO.html</url>
<title>Delhi HC declines to grant interim stay on airing of Netflix series Hasmukh</title>
<body >The Delhi High Court on Tuesday refused to grant a stay on the streaming of Hasmukh, a Netflix series, dismissing a plea that had claimed the fictional series maligned the reputation of advocates.. On the last date, the court had reserved its order on the interim application which had sought deletion of some parts, especially episode four. The petitioner, advocate Ashutosh Dubey, had contended that the series showed lawyers and the profession in a bad light. Also read:Hasmukhs writing could have been much better: Nikkhil Advani accepts what went wrong with Netfix show The main suit is still pending and both the parties have been asked to file their replies in this regard. The plea claimed that the series has allegedly portrayed lawyers as thieves, scoundrels, goons and rapists. The petition said that the makers have not only demeaned the advocates, but have the police and politicians. It said that the statements made against the community are highly disparaging, defamatory and bring disrepute to the law profession, lawyers and advocates in the eyes of the general public. (With PTI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 05, 2020 12:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/vir-das-thanks-delhi-hc-for-order-in-favour-of-hasmukh-says-offence-is-taken-not-given/story-SPfQMStmU8xMU9DTin4DdN.html</url>
<title>Vir Das thanks Delhi HC for order in favour of Hasmukh, says Offence is taken, not given</title>
<body >Actor-comedian Vir Das on Wednesday thanked the Delhi High Court for refusing to grant an interim stay on airing his Netflix show Hasmukh and dismissing a plea claiming that series maligned the reputation of lawyers. On Tuesday, the Delhi HC said granting a stay order would interfere with the freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under the Constitution. Das shared a statement on Twitter, saying that there as many as 10 "legal notices, groups organising to down-rate" the show and a suit alleging damage to the reputation of lawyers. "Fair game. As artists we are taught to accept feedback humbly, and I do so knowing that my work always has, and will polarise people. But if we can accept that these actions go a little beyond feedback, I hope I've earned the right to respectfully respond," the 40-year-old actor said. "I have spent a decade of my life trying to make this country laugh. I certainly haven't always succeeded, but I have heard enough laughter and seen enough happy people to know that comedy, of all genres, does more good than harm. Offence is taken, not given. Humbly thank the High Court for their support," he added. A statement of thanks to the High Court. For this judgement. For my art-form. pic.twitter.com/jXy6TVYpmW Vir Das (@thevirdas) May 6, 2020 A statement of thanks to the High Court. For this judgement. For my art-form. pic.twitter.com/jXy6TVYpmW The actor also included the observations made by the court during the hearing in his statement. "The very essence of democracy is that a creative artist is given the liberty to project the picture of the society in a manner he perceives. One of the prime forms of exposing the ills of the society is by portraying a satirical picture of the same. Stand-up comedians perform that very purpose. In their portrayal they use satire and exaggerate the ills to an extent that it becomes a ridicule. In the humorous portrayal of the ills of the society the stand-up comedians use satire. - Delhi High Court.' Thank you. With respect, Vir," he added. The application for interim stay was moved by advocate Ashutosh Dubey in his main suit seeking a permanent injunction on airing of the show, especially episode four, saying it maligns the image and reputation of lawyers everywhere. Also read: Hasmukh review: Vir Das kills a promising idea with a mediocre show During the hearing, the court noted that the protagonist spoke the dialogues in question while performing as a stand-up comedian and the comments were based on his experience with a dishonest lawyer. The main petition seeking permanent injunction on airing of the show is pending and listed for hearing in July.  Hasmukhfeatures Das in the titular role of a young man from Saharanpur, who has to kill people off stage to perform better on stage. The series premiered on Netflix on April 17. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 06, 2020 15:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kangana-ranaut-will-stop-acting-if-another-actress-can-deliver-solo-hit-with-big-budget-says-sister-rangoli/story-nsu6OOtRuZS3Eem9SGob9H.html</url>
<title>Kangana Ranaut will stop acting if another actress can deliver solo hit with big budget, says sister Rangoli</title>
<body >Kangana Ranauts sister Rangoli Chandel has said the actor will stop acting forever if anyone comes up with the name of a female actor who has delivered a solo film made on a budget of over Rs 60-100 crore. Rangoli is known for her controversial tweets and is an active campaigner for Kangana. She took to Twitter on Wednesday and wrote, My open challenge to the industry can any girl in todays time solo carry a film above 60-70-80-100cr budget other than Kangana....??? If you give me a legit name Kangana will stop acting forever. She had also replied to a follower who pointed out that her contemporaries werent less bankable. To this, Rangoli had replied, If you think only Kangana doing big budget films and no other A lister pls know its not some coincidence, they have never delivered without heroes, Queen TWMR Manikarnika has put Kangana in a league of leading heroes, its all deeply analysed business not what you or I want. She wrote in another tweet, Its not that easy if Kangana had not given TWMR or Manikarnika she wont get Thalaivi and Dhakaad ....so even though there are many talented people but they wont unless they prove investments and returns. Rangoli recently made headlines when she called out Baaghi 3 director Ahmed Khan for saying female led action films do not work and claiming that Kanganas Dhaakad had been stalled following Manikarnika: The Queen Of Jhansi. Also read: Tom Hanks posts first pic post coronavirus diagnosis, says We are taking it one-day-at-a-time. See here Responding to Ahmeds comments, Rangoli called him an atrocious filmmaker. She also shared that Ahmed had called Kangana and even apologised to her over his remarks. He also called her the hero of Bollywood. Not only this, director Razneesh Ghai has issued a statement rubbishing Ahmeds claim and said he is thinking of sending him a legal notice. Statements reported in this article by Ahmed Khan are absolutely false. A legal notice will be issued from our lawyers. The delusional statements and negativity is completely uncalled for. Dhaakad is currently in pre-production and will go on the floors this June, Razneesh said. (With IANS inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 13, 2020 09:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-feasts-on-biryani-cooked-by-saif-ali-khan-ahead-of-eid-chef-saifu-bestt-mutton-biryani/story-BjuNU8vIFCGlDKWRTlxVHJ.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoor feasts on biryani cooked by Saif Ali Khan ahead of Eid: Chef Saifu bestt mutton biryani</title>
<body >Bollywood star Kareena Kapoor Khan has shared a delicious and sumptuous looking meal - a picture of  a half-eaten plate of mutton biryani as she wished fans on Eid. The speciality of the picture is that the biryani was prepared by none other than Kareenas husband and actor Saif Ali Khan. Karisma originally shared the picture and wrote on the post, Chef Saifu bestt mutton biryani ever!  Insane lunch..Eid Mubarak. Kareena also shared the post on her Insta story. Last week, Kareena had shared an appreciative post for a cake that Karisma had prepared. One of the images was a close-up of a half-eaten piece of the cake and a spoon while Saif can be seen in the background. Kareena wrote alongside a picture of the cake served in a plate, Devouring the best chocolate cake in the world made by the best sister in the world @therealkarismakapoor... And yes, thats Mr. Khan being grumpy at the back... zoom in. Also read:Ashwiny Iyer Tiwari: Alcoholism is leading to abuse in the lockdown Karisma was quick to respond, Yay !  Glad lockdown has come to good use and I can bake for my family and friends. Alternate profession maybe @kareenakapoorkhan. View this post on Instagram           Devouring the best chocolate cake in the world made by the best sister in the world @therealkarismakapoor...  And yes, thats Mr. Khan being grumpy at the back... zoom in  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on May 18, 2020 at 2:45am PDT Devouring the best chocolate cake in the world made by the best sister in the world @therealkarismakapoor...  And yes, thats Mr. Khan being grumpy at the back... zoom in  A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on May 18, 2020 at 2:45am PDT View this post on Instagram           Quarantine 2020 imprinted for life... SAK, KKK and TAK... spreading hope and faith  #QuaranTimDiaries #InhousePicasso A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on May 15, 2020 at 4:19am PDT Quarantine 2020 imprinted for life... SAK, KKK and TAK... spreading hope and faith  #QuaranTimDiaries #InhousePicasso A post shared by  Kareena Kapoor Khan (@kareenakapoorkhan) on May 15, 2020 at 4:19am PDT Staying with her family in the ongoing lockdown amid coronavirus pandemic, Kareena has been regularly sharing pictures and videos from her daily life. She also gave a sneak peek into their latest artwork, that the family created together. The pic showed Saif holding a white piece of cloth with hand imprints. The artwork has been created by Kareena, Saif and Taimur. Along with the picture, Kareena wrote, Quarantine 2020 imprinted for life...SAK, KKK and TAK... spreading hope and faith #QuaranTimDiaries #InhousePicasso. Kareenas friend Amrita Arora, in awe of the creative piece, left two heart emojis in the comment section. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 17:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/this-is-life-anushka-sharma-finds-relationship-goals-in-aged-couple-as-they-meet-after-being-apart-due-to-covid-19/story-0609eX6ZIGUN8umgBxOxeK.html</url>
<title>This is life: Anushka Sharma finds relationship goals in aged couple as they meet after being apart due to Covid-19</title>
<body >Actor Anushka Sharma on Sunday reacted to the news of an aged couple, being reunited in New York, after spending months apart during the coronavirus pandemic. Retweeting a US broadcaster CBS video report of couple, aged 89 and 91 respectively, getting reunited in their nursing home after spending months away from one another through the pandemic, Anushka wrote: This is life. The video showed the old couple, on wheelchairs, greeting each other with a kiss. THIS is life  https://t.co/tqovHreloo Anushka Sharma (@AnushkaSharma) May 24, 2020 THIS is life  https://t.co/tqovHreloo Anushka has been active online in the last two months. She had recently posted about the dogs who feature in her debut OTT production, Paatal Lok. She had written on Instagram, The love you have showered on these good boys and girls from #PaatalLok is just (heart emojis). Standing for them and helping them live a life of dignity is something I support and continually work towards She also listed out a number of organisations which have been working for the care and upkeep of strays. Anushka has been receiving a lot of praise for Paatal Lok. The 8-part series is a riveting cop versus criminal saga which takes a sharp look at the caste and religious faultlines in the fabric of Indian social life. The series starring Jaideep Ahlawat, Abhishek Bannerjee and Neeraj Kabi has been created by Sudip Sharma and has been directed by Avinash Arun and Prosit Roy. It has been produced by Anushka and her brother Karnesh Sharmas Clean Slate Films. Also read: When Dharmendra broke down during Esha Deols vidaai, mother Hema Malini hugged her goodbye. Watch video The show, however, did have to face some trouble too. A Gorkha association in Arunachal Pradesh, on Sunday, filed a complaint with the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) against the actor for an alleged sexist slur on the Gorkha community in one of the scenes of Paatal Lok. The complaint was filed recently by Bikash Bhattarai, the Namsai unit president of the All Arunachal Pradesh Gorkha Youth Association (AAPGYA). A sexist slur used against a woman character in the second episode of the web series is a direct insult to the Nepali-speaking people, the association stated in the complaint. The sexist slur has hurt the sentiments of the Gorkha community and the Nepali-speaking people across the country, the AAPGYA said. (WithPTI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 16:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/i-earned-was-rs-500-a-month-manish-malhotra-on-life-struggles-his-inspiring-journey-from-boutique-worked-to-ace-couturier/story-TLDpWCZd59rIrjJHl1qQUP.html</url>
<title>All I earned was Rs 500 a month:  Manish Malhotra on life struggles, his inspiring journey from boutique worker to ace couturier</title>
<body >Bollywoods favourtie fashion designer Manish Malhotra on Friday opened up about his life story starting from his childhood, initial struggles, and how his mother encouraged him to pursue his dreams. In an interview with the Instagram handle, Humans of Bombay, the 53-year-old model-turned-couturier revealed that he grew up in a typical Punjabi household and was always fascinated with Bollywood, he also shared that he made it a point to watch every single film that was released. The official humans of Bombay shared the interview on Instagram in a post. Manish also touched the point where he stated that he began his career in fashion by starting as a model and working at a boutique, where he earned Rs 500 a month and also revealed, I grew up in a typical Punjabi household, where my mom always encouraged me in all that I wanted to do. Growing up, I was always fascinated by Bollywood films and made it a point to watch every single film that was released. But I wasnt a very good student and found academics boring. He added, In the 6th grade, I remember joining a painting class -- I enjoyed it so much! From watching films, to painting, and being surrounded by mothers clothes, my love for fashion grew. I used to even give fashion advice to my mom on her sarees! When I got into college, I started modelling, and began working at a boutique. I was there for a year and a half, and all I earned was Rs. 500 a month, but it was worth it. I couldnt afford to go abroad and study fashion, so that was my school in a way. Im completely self-taught -- I used to sit and sketch for hours! Finally at the age of 25, I got my big break -- I worked on a film starring Juhi Chawla! Talking about the turning point of his career which was the 1995 movie Rangeela featuring Amir Khan and Urmila Matondkar, which won him a Filmfare Award for Costume Design, he said, Rangeela was a turning point for me -- I won my very first Filmfare award for it! But there were challenges -- I remember producers would get so irritated when Id ask multiple questions about the storyline. The only brief I had was to make the heroine look glamorous. But I wanted to do more! Thats how my name started going around. I started travelling the world, designing clothes, and then launched my own label in 2005. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Humans of Bombay (@officialhumansofbombay) on Feb 28, 2020 at 1:31am PST A post shared by Humans of Bombay (@officialhumansofbombay) on Feb 28, 2020 at 1:31am PST Talking about the death of his dear friend, the late actor Sridevi, he said, But it hasnt been an easy journey When Sridevi passed away, it was probably one of the worst moments of my life, professionally and personally. But through it all, my work kept me going. In the end, he expressed pride about being a fashion designer working with the fourth generation of actors, and on completing three decades in the industry this year. He said, I began as a costume designer, and today Im a fashion designer whos working with the 4th generation of actors! And this year, Ill complete 30 years in the industry. But the one thing that hasnt changed is that, even after all this time, I still get nervous before fashion shows! And I want that to remain the same, because thats my identity -- it reminds me of who I am, where Ive come from, and what Im meant to do.  Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 29, 2020 16:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kartik-aaryan-brings-us-some-good-news-during-coronavirus-times-gets-inspired-by-john-krasinski/story-iqnLby2iaMH3Iz5zEVDaAO.html</url>
<title>Kartik Aaryan brings us some good news during coronavirus times, gets inspired by John Krasinski</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Kartik Aaryan has posted a new video on Instagram where he criticised the negative news all around us and also shared one good news with fans. The video opens with Kartik saying that he stumbled upon a  video by actor John Krasinski where the Hollywood star champions good news and only good news. Karsinski does a YouTube show, Good  News By John Karsinski. So I Googled Good news India and guess what? Neither do we lack in good news, nor those interested in reading good news, Kartik added.  He then requested fans to spread good news and make the viral, like memes. He then moved on to talk about four young people from Kerala who had created a volunteer group  during the floods and this group is now helping people get medicines at home during the ongoing lockdown amid Covid-19 pandemic. Also read:Richa Chadha learns belly dancing amid lockdown, watch video         View this post on Instagram           Koki Good News dene vaala hai  A post shared by  KARTIK AARYAN (@kartikaaryan) on May 12, 2020 at 3:49am PDT Koki Good News dene vaala hai  A post shared by  KARTIK AARYAN (@kartikaaryan) on May 12, 2020 at 3:49am PDT Koki Good News dene vaala hai, he wrote alongside the video. The post was lapped up by fans and industry colleagues including actors Janhvi Kapoor and Rakul Preet Singh. Janhvi wrote, Thank God, much neeeded. Rakul Preet also appreciated Kartiks initiative. Kartik has been quite active during the lockdown than has completed 40 days and is likely to be extended soon. The Bollywood actor created his own YouTube channel and has been sharing regular videos as Koki Poochega. Under this, he has also interviewed Covid-19 survivors. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 12, 2020 19:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/john-krasinski-the-office-cast-reunite-to-recreate-show-s-wedding-dance-for-fans-virtual-nuptials-watch/story-GBVzKXktp0qdTUH64DnOUN.html</url>
<title>John Krasinski, The Office cast reunite to recreate shows wedding dance for fans virtual nuptials. Watch</title>
<body >American actors John Krasinski and Steve Carell virtually reunited again, this time with more The Office co-stars. According to People Magazine, the cast reunited to surprise a newly married couple Susan and John, who held their wedding virtually with the 40-year-old star Krasinski serving as the officiant on his virtual show Some Good News. Krasinski said as he replayed the couples The Office - inspired proposal, Perhaps my favourite love story of the week was a couple down in Maryland, whose wedding proposal was oddly familiar.  The bride said of the proposal, Just like Jim, he couldnt wait any longer. Then, the  A Quiet Place star Krasinski invited their families to join them via Zoom. But we have someone else in mind, Krasinski said after surprising the couple with their best man and maid of honour. The actor nominated himself to also be the honorary best man and introduced Jenna Fischer as the honorary maid of honour. Also, Country star Zac Brown performed a special song making the ceremony special. After they made their marriage official, Krasinski and Fischer were joined by Carell, Mindy Kaling, BJ Novak, Rainn Wilson, Angela Kinsey, Ellie Kemper, Kate Flannery, Brian Baumgartner, Ed Helms, Phyllis Smith, Oscar Nunez and Creed Bratton.  Krasinski said, Theres only one way out of this wedding. And Susan and John, because you elegantly ripped off our proposal, I think its only fitting that you rip off the wedding too. Also read: Deepika Padukone shares pic from her pre-wedding puja, organised by mother Ujjala: Love you amma Recreating the shows spontaneous wedding entrance individually from their respective homes, the group danced to Forever by Chris Brown. Just like the memorable dance sequence from season 6 when Jim (Krasinski) and Pam (Fischer) were getting married. This marks the second virtual reunion for Carell and Krasinski. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 11, 2020 20:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-trinbago-knight-riders-to-distribute-food-hampers-in-trinidad-and-tobago-amid-pandemic-actor-lauds-effort/story-Fo1KqkRMWAPQesCrk0hUrO.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans Trinbago Knight Riders to distribute food hampers in Trinidad and Tobago amid pandemic, actor lauds effort</title>
<body >Caribbean Premier League side Trinbago Knight Riders (TKR), owned by Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan, on Friday pledged to distribute one thousand food packets to the needy who are struggling in Trinidad and Tobago due to the coronavirus-forced lockdown. The actor took to Twitter to appreciate the move. The TKR team has involved their local icons Kieron Pollard, Dwayne Bravo, Darren Bravo, Lendl Simmons and Sunil Narine, who along with the teams support staff will be personally distributing the hampers to various areas of the island nation. @tkriders collaborated with HADCO Ltd. to Do the Knight thing  distribute as many as 1k food hampers to the needy who are struggling because of the lockdown in Trinidad  Tobago. Proud of u my boys!, tweeted Shah Rukh, who is also the co-owner of IPL side Kolkata Knight Riders. .@tkriders collaborated with HADCO Ltd. to 'Do the Knight thing'  distribute as many as 1k food hampers to the needy who are struggling because of the lockdown in Trinidad  Tobago. Proud of u my boys! pic.twitter.com/wHAYgSvnNv Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) May 8, 2020 .@tkriders collaborated with HADCO Ltd. to 'Do the Knight thing'  distribute as many as 1k food hampers to the needy who are struggling because of the lockdown in Trinidad  Tobago. Proud of u my boys! pic.twitter.com/wHAYgSvnNv TKR has teamed up with HADCO Ltd, who have put the hampers together. In addition, they have added some items at no cost, and will deliver all the hampers to TKR for further distribution. We all know the challenge this health crisis has posed. The entire TKR family wants to contribute and play a small role in easing the pain felt by the people of Trinidad  Tobago, director of TKR, Venky Mysore said in a statement. InIndia, ShahRukh has been doing his bit to contribute in our fight against Covid-19. Recently, he participated  in a digital concert IFor India to raise funds for the frontliners working round-the-clock to contain the coronavirus pandemic in the country. Prior to that, the Bollywood star had opened his office for treating Covid-19 patients. His interior designer-film producer wife Gauri Khan had helped transform superstars office into a 22 bed Covid-19 quarantine facility. In April again, ShahRukh had taken part in a Lady Gaga-curated virtual concert, One World: Together At Home, organised by the World Health Organization (WHO) and international advocacy organisation Global Citizen, in support healthcare workers who are battling it out against Covid-19. Shah Rukh had also provided 25,000 PPE kits to the frontline medical staff in Maharashtra fighting to contain the novel coronavirus pandemic in the state. Apart from these, the actor along with Gauri and business partners -- Juhi Chawla and Jay Mehta -- had contributed to the PM-CARES Fund through IPL franchise Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) and also made a donation to the Maharashtra CMs Relief Fund through his film banner Red Chillies Entertainment. (WithHT inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 09, 2020 13:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/the-real-reason-tom-cruise-hasn-t-been-publicly-seen-with-daughter-suri-since-2013/story-GcBnDLtR8M93wExbAcPmzJ.html</url>
<title>The real reason Tom Cruise hasnt been publicly seen with daughter Suri since 2013</title>
<body >The last time that actor Tom Cruise was publicly seen with his daughter was in 2013, and that too may have been a  photo-op, if reports are to be believed. Cruises daughter, Suri, is now 14 years old. According to multiple reports, Cruise is in fact forbidden from meeting his daughter, as she does not belong to the Church of Scientology. Former church member Samantha Domingo told US Weekly in 2019, Maybe he did it for a photo op to make it seem like he was connected so he wouldnt be criticised. The church, however, vehemently denied her assertions. Cruise sued a media giant for reporting that he had abandoned his daughter. But in the deposition, he admitted that Scientology was one of the reasons why his ex-wife, Suris mom Katie Holmes, had filed for divorce. According to a HuffPost report, Cruise exploded in anger when asked if Holmes left him in part to protect Suri from Scientology. The actor responded by calling the question offensive, saying, there is no need to protect my daughter from my religion. But when lawyers pressed him, he said, Did she say that? That was one of the assertions, yes. View this post on Instagram           #moriarefugeecamp  A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 23, 2019 at 2:46am PDT #moriarefugeecamp  A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Mar 23, 2019 at 2:46am PDT View this post on Instagram           Birthday vibes  A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 18, 2020 at 12:01pm PDT Birthday vibes  A post shared by  Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 18, 2020 at 12:01pm PDT Cruise also admitted that Suri is no longer a practising member of Scientology, which the HuffPost report called a huge admission since anyone who leaves the faith is considered a Suppressive Person and is cut off from all members of the church, including their immediate family. Asked if both his ex-wife and daughter are considered Suppressive Persons, Cruise said in the deposition, That is a distortion and a simplification of the matter. I dont want to just give an oversimplification of religious doctrine. Also read: Tom Cruise will be 60 years old by the time Mission Impossible 8 is released, will have played Ethan Hunt for over quarter-century According to a 2016 report on Fox News, Cruise lost touch with Suri when she was seven. If he wanted to see her, he could see her, one source told New York Post in June, 2016. Even people in prison have a right to see their children. In June, 2017, a source told In Touch that Cruise refused to meet Suri on Fathers Day even though he was just 23 miles away. Tom could have easily made the trip to see Suri. It only takes about 30 minutes without traffic, the source said. It wouldve only added a few hours to his busy schedule. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/anushka-sharma-calls-virat-kohli-jhoota-during-instagram-live-with-sunil-chetri-cricketer-fell-asleep-on-her-film-sets/story-rMenjyG2fBJXHMcHXWXzQO.html</url>
<title>Anushka Sharma calls Virat Kohli jhoota during Instagram live with Sunil Chhetri, cricketer fell asleep on her film sets</title>
<body >Football star Sunil Chhetri grilled cricketer Virat Kohli to a crisp in his latest Instagram live. He asked him all about  his wife and actor Anushka Sharma. Sunil came armed with the best questions and anecdotes, supplied by Anushka herself. He first asked him about the time he flew to London for one of Anushkas shoots but ended up falling asleep right on sets in just a few minutes. Sunil said how Anushka always plays the supportive wife when he is playing. She watches entire test matches even when he isnt batting but Virat could not even stay awake. Virat explained that when his flight landed, it was already night and he was too jet-lagged to stay up. As he was explaining his side, Anushka called him jhoota (liar) from behind the camera. Sunil broke into a big laugh and even Virat was left red-faced. Sunil then recounted another episode from Anushka and Virats Bhutan trip last year. He told the viewers how Virat left her behind during their cycling expedition. Virat, clearly shocked at how much Anushka had told Sunil about him, asked her ye tune kab bataya ye sab (when did you tell him all this?) Virat then said that the two were cycling at a distance from each other when he heard someone call out his name. He thought one of the Indian tourists had recognised him. He got paranoid and rode as fast as he could, leaving Anushka behind. Watch their conversation here: View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sunil Chhetri (@chetri_sunil11) on May 17, 2020 at 7:05am PDT A post shared by Sunil Chhetri (@chetri_sunil11) on May 17, 2020 at 7:05am PDT Also read: Robert Downey Jr stood up for Avengers cast after Marvel tried to strong-arm them and they threatened to quit Actor Ranveer Singh was also watching the Live chat and dropped a couple of comments. 90s represent hahahahahahah, he wrote in one.  Vikram Betaal hahahhha, he wrote in another. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 17, 2020 21:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/paatal-lok-review-black-hearted-but-brave-anushka-sharma-s-show-is-amazon-s-answer-to-sacred-games/story-qRWlTo9JshThXjtJkK288K.html</url>
<title>Paatal Lok review: Anushka Sharmas show is Amazons black-hearted yet brave answer to Sacred Games</title>
<body >Paatal LokDirectors - Avinash Arun, Prosit RoyCreator - Sudip SharmaCast - Jaideep Ahlawat, Neeraj Kabi, Gul Panag, Ishwak Singh, Abhishek Banerjee, Swastika Mukherjee, Niharika Lyra Dutt In its attempt to produce a show on par with Netflixs Sacred Games, Amazon Prime might have unwittingly outdone itself. Paatal Lok is a stunning achievement on virtually every level, and despite all its similarities to the path-breaking Netflix series  it is also a cop show with mythological overtones  it is perhaps the most confident step in the evolution of Indian streaming since Amazons own Made in Heaven. It drinks thirstily from the well of David Fincher  both in tone and its tendency to make you want to retch  but the story is so brazenly Indian that it makes you wonder if the nameless city in Finchers similarly seedy Se7en could be a template for your average cow-belt town. Watch the Paatal Lok trailer here While it offers an uncommonly assured portrayal of New Delhi in its opening couple of episodes, Paatal Lok truly comes into its own when it veers off the beaten track, takes NH-24 and enters the badlands of Uttar Pradesh. As a hinterland crime story, the show is breathtakingly realised  revealing layer underneath rotting layer, like an eight-day-old pyaaz at a roadside dhaba. In a neat subversion of genre tropes, the primary antagonist is apprehended by Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhary in the very first episode. But it is only later that the policeman comes to realise that the man he thought was a common hoodlum is, in fact, the infamous serial killer Hathoda Tyagi, named after his weapon of choice. What unfolds is a classic noir story, populated by morally reprehensible characters, in a city whose very soul is in need of saving, and corruption that goes all the way to the top. Executive producer Anushka Sharma, who has fine taste, by the way, hasnt strayed too far from her stable of collaborators. Paatal Lok is created by her NH10 writer Sudip Sharma, co-directed by Avinash Arun and Prosit Roy (Pari), with NH10 director Navdeep Singh credited as script consultant. Singh, in particular, has shown an affinity for film noir and Westerns in the past  both are genres that Paatal Lok takes a hungry bite out of. Episode three, for instance, is a cracking (and deeply disturbing) Wild West story, set in a Punjab village  an unexpected diversion from the gritty crime drama that the previous two episodes had teased. As a Delhiite, born and raised, I can proudly say that Paatal Lok perfectly captures the wickedness of the Capital; the lush beauty of its NDMC avenues, the rustic charm of government quarters, and the unspoken agreement that the area on the other side of the Yamuna is generally out of bounds. During a call with a particularly chatty food delivery executive, seeking information about the delay in my order, I learned that the service had designated several parts of New Delhi as black zones. Intrigued, I enquired further. He said that at night, the food delivery service refuses to accept orders from certain locations that could be unsafe for its riders. This corroborated the stories scores of autowallahs had told me over the years about flat-out refusing to accept fares that would take them to some areas of Jamna paar at night. These stories would inevitably involve carjackings and robbery at gunpoint. Sometimes, even kidnapping. But the Outer Jamuna Paar police station is where Hathi Ram Chaudhary has been posted. And that is where our story begins. It is a punishment posting, hes sure, after a career filled with nothing but relegation and regret. But then, Hathoda Tyagi presents him with the biggest case of his life. Recognising it as a sign from above, Hathi Ram jumps headfirst into the case, about the attempted assassination of a prominent journalist. Also read: Delhi Crime review: Gut-wrenching, shocking; the best Indian Netflix show since Sacred Games When we first meet him, the cynical Inspector Hathi Ram Chaudhury is, like Morgan Freemans Detective Somerset in Se7en, giving a rookie a rambling lecture on the irredeemable nature of human beings. The world is divided into three realms, he tells the precocious junior cop Imran Ansari  the svarg lok (heaven), where the gods reside; in the middle there is the dharti lok, which is where men like Hathi Ram and Imran live; and at the bottom is the paatal lok, the hell from which vermin occasionally escape and wreak havoc above. Waise toh yeh shastron mein likha tha, par maine WhatsApp pe padha, Hathi Ram quips. And in just a matter of minutes, with his sing-song Haryanvi accent and his weary body language, Jaideep Ahlawat lets everyone know that hes doing something special. This is the performance of a lifetime. Over the course of the next nine episodes, Ahlawat turns Inspector Hathi Ram into one of the most memorable characters ever put on Indian streaming. Hes a fully realised person, from his instantly iconic wardrobe of cheap sneakers and plain T-shirts, to the slump in his posture when he drunkenly eats the plain meal prepared by his wife. Its little touches like this that help flesh out a character beyond what is written on the page, and Paatal Lok finds every department  from costumes to production design  in top form. And its depiction of the Delhi Police and its unique brand of justice isnt sanitised like it was in, say, Netflixs Delhi Crime. The only sore point is the utter miscasting of Gul Panag in the thankless role of Hathi Rams wife, but that isnt the actors fault. Its an ambitious show, both in terms of its narrative and its themes. The corporatisation of the media industry is an idea that is explored through a subplot involving the targeted top journalist, played by Neeraj Kabi, while religious bigotry is delicately addressed through the casual discrimination that Imran routinely faces inside the police force. The concept of the three realms, meanwhile, serves as a neat metaphor for caste politics. Paatal Lok is an intense exploration of Indian immorality, but also a celebration of our ingenuity. Its a sure-fire success for Amazon Prime. Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar </body>
<date >Updated: May 16, 2020 13:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/notice-to-anushka-sharma-for-alleged-racist-slur-in-paatal-lok/story-6xCyZ2U4SHC9Jhy7jkmflN.html</url>
<title>Notice to Anushka Sharma for alleged racist slur in Paatal Lok</title>
<body >A complaint has been filed against Anushka Sharmas production Paatal Lok with the National Human Right Commission (NHRC) for an alleged racial and sexist slur. Headlined by Jaideep Ahlawat, the series is produced by Anushkas Clean Slate Films and also stars Abhishek Bannerjee, Gul Panag and Swastika Mukherjee. An NDTV report said that the complaint was filed recently byAll Arunachal Pradesh Gorkha Youth Association for alleged use of sexist and racist slur in the series.It quotedBharatiya Gorkha Yuva Parisanghpresident Nanda Kirati Dewan as saying, Such stereotyping not only maligns the as a whole normalizes racism a standard practice for the people. It sets a distorted image among people regarding a certain community, the brunt of which, the people living there have to face. Also read: Veteran actor Kiran Kumar tests positive for coronavirus, quarantined: Theres no fever, no cough or breathlessness Earlier this week, Viren Sri Gurung, a member of the Lawyers Guild sent a legal notice to Anushka Sharma for an alleged casteist slur on the show. Gurung had said in his legal notice that the word is insulting towards the Nepali community. There is a clip wherein during an interrogation a lady police officer uses a casteist slur on a Nepali character. There wouldnt have been any problem had only Nepali been used. But the word that follows it is unacceptable. Since Anushka Sharma is one of the producers of the show, we have served her a notice, Gurung said. He added that he is yet to receive a response from her, and that he will take the matter up with Amazon next. Paatal Lok was launched last week on Amazon Prime and has is being widely appreciated for its layered and incisive look at caste, class and religious equations in the country. Jaideep had opened up about his role, ahead of the release, told IANS, When I heard the story for the first time I found the basic premise very interesting. When I read the full show, I felt my character was written with a lot of interest. It was a very intriguing role with many shades. (With inputs from PTI) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 13:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/salman-khan-s-bodyguard-shera-shares-photo-of-his-eid-celebrations-at-panvel-farmhouse/story-y0KN0ZcpzE3vY3vyfE9aEL.html</url>
<title>Salman Khans bodyguard Shera shares photo of his Eid celebrations at Panvel farmhouse</title>
<body >Salman Khans bodyguard Shera, who has been overseeing the stars security for more than two and a half decades now, shared a picture with him and wished fans on Eid. In a heartfelt Instagram post, Shera said that for him, the festival is incomplete without Salman. My EID is never complete without my Maalik @BeingsalmanKhan. Eid Mubarak to all of you, enjoy with your family at home. #EidMubarak #SalmanKhan #Beingsheraa #Sheraa #Stayhomestaysafe, he wrote. The picture has been taken at Salmans farmhouse in Panvel, on the outskirts of Mumbai, where he is currently in lockdown. Jacqueline Fernandez, Iulia Vantur and Waluscha De Sousa, among others, are also stationed at the property. View this post on Instagram           My EID is never complete without my Maalik @BeingsalmanKhan. Eid Mubarak to all of you, enjoy with your family at home. #EidMubarak #SalmanKhan #Beingsheraa #Sheraa #Stayhomestaysafe A post shared by  Being Sheraa (@beingshera) on May 25, 2020 at 4:07am PDT My EID is never complete without my Maalik @BeingsalmanKhan. Eid Mubarak to all of you, enjoy with your family at home. #EidMubarak #SalmanKhan #Beingsheraa #Sheraa #Stayhomestaysafe A post shared by  Being Sheraa (@beingshera) on May 25, 2020 at 4:07am PDT Salman will be seen next on the big screen in Prabhudevas action drama Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai, which was scheduled to release on Eid 2020 but has been pushed due to the coronavirus-induced lockdown. Also read: Vir Das neighbour sneezes on him during altercation, asks his dead parents to haunt actor. Watch video Meanwhile, Salman has released two singles - Pyaar Karona and Tere Bina. Pyaar Karona gave a message to be cautious during the pandemic and help those less privileged. The lyrics of the song were written by Salman along with Hussain Dalal, while Sajid-Wajid composed it. Tere Bina, which features Salman and Jacqueline in the video, is a romantic song shot entirely at the farmhouse. The song was composed by Ajay Bhatia, with lyrics by Shabbir Ahmed and vocals by the actor himself. In a promotional video, Salman said that he had the song in his mind for a long time but since it was not the right fit for any of the films made under his production house, he decided to release it during the lockdown. Salman, who shot the video in just four days, said that the experience taught him that shoots can be easy. You dont need a hairstylist, you dont need makeup . This is a learning experience for me that three people can very easily shoot a song, he said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-shares-best-advice-kareena-kapoor-gave-him-amid-lockdown-and-it-has-a-saif-ali-khan-connection/story-07hDyhMDgnAWas3puPYmRN.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor shares best advice Kareena Kapoor gave him amid lockdown and it has a Saif Ali Khan connection</title>
<body >Arjun Kapoor revealed the advice that Kareena Kapoor Khan gave him during the lockdown, and it has a Saif Ali Khan connection. Arjun took to Instagram stories to share a meme with the words Stay home, stay safe on it. Only, instead of the word safe, he used a picture of Saif and joked, @kareenakapoorkhan always gives me the best advice. In 2016, Arjun and Kareena worked together in R Balkis Ki and Ka, and have shared a friendly equation since. The film flipped gender stereotypes and saw him playing a house-husband, while she was seen as a career-oriented woman. Earlier this month, as Ki and Ka completed four years of its release, Arjun shared a video in which he thanked fans for giving the film so much love and said that he was on board after hearing just one line, that his character wanted to become like his mother. He also urged men to help women with household chores during the lockdown. Kareena hilariously trolled him and commented, First I want to see you do your household chores on the gram... Then others will follow. Arjun accepted the challenge saying, Waah. Done deal. View this post on Instagram           Hey, I hope all Ki  Ka s are at home staying safe and washing their hands often !!! Im also sure all the 'Kas' are splitting all household chores and duties with their 'Kis' right now at home... Why dont you guys send me your videos/pictures of you doing household chores using #4YearsOfKiAndKa and tag me on your posts/stories and Ill repost them !!! A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Apr 1, 2020 at 7:04am PDT Hey, I hope all Ki  Ka s are at home staying safe and washing their hands often !!! Im also sure all the 'Kas' are splitting all household chores and duties with their 'Kis' right now at home... Why dont you guys send me your videos/pictures of you doing household chores using #4YearsOfKiAndKa and tag me on your posts/stories and Ill repost them !!! A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Apr 1, 2020 at 7:04am PDT Recently, Arjun went on a 30-minute virtual dinner date with five lucky bidders, for a noble cause. The funds raised will be used to feed the families of daily wage workers, who are unable to earn a living during the lockdown. Through the virtual date, a sum of Rs 5 lakh was raised, which will be used to feed the families of 300 workers for a month. Meanwhile, Kareena has been self-isolating with husband Saif and their son Taimur at their residence in Mumbai. She has been in constant touch with her girl gang, including sister Karisma Kapoor and best friends Amrita Arora and Malaika Arora, and often shares pictures of their video calls on Instagram. She has also been documenting her day-to-day activities on the photo-sharing platform. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 23, 2020 14:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-roasts-girlfriend-malaika-arora-for-posing-while-napping-she-says-you-know-i-smile-in-my-sleep/story-iGTsPUH71eqwWpCcNAbBbM.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor roasts girlfriend Malaika Arora for posing while napping, she says you know I smile in my sleep</title>
<body >Arjun Kapoor misses no opportunity to pull his girlfriend Malaika Aroras leg for being a poser on Instagram. On Tuesday, she shared a collage of pictures of her and her friends taking a nap and wrote, Friends that nap together, stay forever. #napsinthetimeofquarantine #stayhome. The photo collage also featured Kareena Kapoor Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Amrita Arora and makeup artist Mallika Bhat. Arjun was quick to troll Malaika and commented, But ur smiling in ur nap also waah !!! Malaikas cheeky response was, @arjunkapoor but u know I smile in my sleep, followed by a smirk and shushing face emoji. On Sunday, Arjun and Malaika were clicked paying tribute to medical professionals and other essential service providers during the janta curfew initiative by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The couple came out to the balcony to applaud the efforts of the people working tirelessly even during the coronavirus outbreak. Also read: Katrina Kaif denies being a part of Vikas Bahls next with Amitabh Bachchan Meanwhile, Malaika has been spending quality time with her son Arhaan and pet dog Casper during the coronavirus lockdown. She has been sharing pictures and videos of the same on Instagram. In a recent Instagram post, Malaika revealed that the self-isolation has been a blessing in disguise for her. Its hard to believe that a little more than a week back, I barely had time to sit down on my couch, drink a cup of tea, or just take care of myself properly. These few weeks of self isolation has opened me up to so much more. More self care, more sleep, more workouts, more time with my loved ones, more time with myself, basically more life And Im sure Im not the only one, Im sure youve never had SO much time with yourself and your loved ones either, right? she wrote. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 24, 2020 19:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-s-covid-19-lockdown-activities-are-nothing-like-his-industry-colleagues-watch-his-fun-video-to-know/story-DEE99UmSYd9nt5YztuH67I.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoors Covid-19 lockdown activities are nothing like his industry colleagues, watch his fun video to know</title>
<body >Actor Arjun Kapoor does not agree with what many his industry colleagues have been doing to keep themselves engaged through the coronavirus lockdown. Looks like for him it is great time to laze around. OnSaturday, he shared a funny video, about life during quarantine. Sharing four scenes from hit 2000 film Heri Pheri to answer questions about his quarantine activities, Arjun wrote: Baburao (Me) during Quarantine. The hilarious collection has situations such as when someone wakes me up before  12 pm in quarantine, when I see people posting workout videos and dalgona coffee in quarantine, when my sibling asks for my Netflix password and when someone says you should do something productive in quarantine. All have clippings of Paresh Rawals character Baburaos dialogues from the film. View this post on Instagram           Baburao (Me) during Quarantine   A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Apr 24, 2020 at 7:28am PDT Baburao (Me) during Quarantine   A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Apr 24, 2020 at 7:28am PDT The corresponding answers are as following: saaley ka khopdi todh (break his head), savere, savere kya mere ko yeich dekhne ka hai kya (is this what I have to see early in the morning)?, chal, chal... arre tu jaa re (come on, move on), mast, joke maara re (that was a great joke). The post was a hit with his industry colleagues - director Farah Khan, who had earlier spoken out against celebs putting out workout videos, said Im baburao in disguise, actors Sonakshi Sinha and Antara Mali dropped laughing emojis to express their reaction to the post. However, it was his sister Anshula who had an interesting reply; she asked Arjun instead: Which sibling asks for the Netflix password @arjunkapoor pls share. Did she mean to say that it was Arjun who asks her for her Netflix password? We will never know. Through the pandemic Arjun did some interesting activities like going on virtual dates to raise funds to help needy families. The aim was to raise enough funds to be used to help the families of 300 daily wage earners.  The actors virtual date happened through his sister Anshula Kapoors online fundraising platform, Fankind, and raised enough funds to feed the families in question for a month. Coronavirus has thrown us all into an unchartered territory.Im grateful to all my fans that my 30 minute virtual date with five lucky winners for Anshulas Fankind has raised enough funds to feed many families, Arjun said. Earlier, the actor pledged to the PM-CARES Fund, Maharashtra Chief Ministers Relief Fund, GiveIndia, The Wishing Factory and Bollywoods Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE). (With IANS inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 25, 2020 16:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/amitabh-bachchan-has-a-crisis-at-home-in-covid-19-times-says-breaking-news-a-bat-just-entered-my-home/story-I7KsfxKsyexlmqZDW42shM.html</url>
<title>Amitabh Bachchan has a crisis at home in Covid-19 times, says Breaking news, a bat just entered my home</title>
<body >Actor Amitabh Bachchan, who has  been putting out motivational posts through out the coronavirus pandemic, felt the crisis up close and personal on Saturday. The veteran actor took to Instagram to declare to the world the news of the hour - that a bat had entered his home in Mumbai. He wrote in English and Hindi: BREAKING NEWS !!! News of the hour .. a BAT , yes chamkadadh just entered my room ..3rd floor Jalsa .. where we all sit and chill .. never seen before in the area, let alone a house , ... in my house ... in my room !!! Aur hamara hi ghar mila usse! Corona piccha chhod hi nahin raha! Udd udd ke aa raha hai, kambakht!! View this post on Instagram           BREAKING NEWS !!! News of the hour .. a BAT , yes   just entered my room .. 3rd floor Jalsa .. where we all sit and chill .. never seen before in the area, let alone a house , ... in my house ... in my room !!!       ! Corona       !       ,  !! A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on Apr 25, 2020 at 11:21am PDT BREAKING NEWS !!! News of the hour .. a BAT , yes   just entered my room .. 3rd floor Jalsa .. where we all sit and chill .. never seen before in the area, let alone a house , ... in my house ... in my room !!!       ! Corona       !       ,  !! A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on Apr 25, 2020 at 11:21am PDT In his blog, he elaborated, There be no other news than this : A bat .. yes a BAT , just flew into my room, Jalsa 3rd floor, my private room. Never ever seen one in the entire Juhu area, let alone a house. Now today my house, my personal room, apparently came out from my bedroom, panic among the girls, finally got rid of it by opening one of the doors leading out to the balcony. I was wanting to get to my study to pick up the badminton racquet, that I had decorated my interior with - a gift from special person - but the girls were screaming and pulled me out of the room. The racquet, the badminton racquet, is the ideal weapon for this flying object .. in school we would strike with it when it came out in our dorm at night .. you had to time it right, and apprehend its erratic flight path, to get it to crash into the netting and get stuck .. then you let it out. BUT .. a bat in these times .. after all the corona stories .. begins to get a little eerie .. beyond that do not have much to say .. but if I do .. shall return .. with or without BATMAN .. !! The post drew response from a host of his industry colleagues - Bhumi Pednekar was disturbed by the idea and wrote OMG, Diana Penty wrote Gosh. TV actor Aahana Kumra wrote: Oh god! Please be careful!!. Veteran critic Bhawana Somaya said: What??? Some of his fans too expressed concern; one user wrote Take care sir. What would otherwise have been an inconvenience, in coronavirus times, is likely to send shivers down the spine. Amid the Coraonavius crisis, Amitabh has been posting throwback pictures. He recently revisited the days from the age of innocence in a new social media post. Amitabh had taken to Instagram and shared a collage with one of the four pictures was from photoshoots of his early days in Bollywood, in 1969. The second image comprises photoshoots of seventies or early eighties. The age of innocence is over, Amitabh captioned the image. Also read: Karan Johar proudly shows off grey hair as his lockdown look: Let me start behaving like my age for once Ever since the janta curfew last month, Amitabh has not participated in the weekly Sunday darshan where he meets his fans. Bachchan recently said that Sundays arent the same anymore without the 38-year-old ritual of greeting his fans, which has come to a halt amid the nationwide lockdown due to the coronavirus pandemic. Amitabh recalled the anticipation and excitement he would feel to greet his fans. The Sunday does not mean the same as before. Waiting for the time to arrive, the security in place, that familiar sound of the step board being dragged into position, that familiar scream of the well wishers at the gate as each domestic entrant enters and leaves premises... of the knowing that he comes, the actor wrote in his blog on Sunday. (WithPTI inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 26, 2020 09:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-on-wedding-plans-with-malaika-arora-even-if-we-wanted-to-how-will-it-be-possible-now/story-3AZh7QYzYPDphglifReQXN.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor on wedding plans with Malaika Arora: Even if we wanted to, how will it be possible now?</title>
<body >Actor Arjun Kapoor held a virtual date with a few fans on Thursday and raised funds to feed 300 daily wage earners families for a month. In another live interview with Bollywood Hungama, fans asked him questions about his work and also his personal life. One fan asked about his wedding plans with girlfriend Malaika Arora, Arjun gave a witty reply. I will tell all of you all when I am getting married. There are no plans as of right now. Arjun added, Abhi shaadi hogi bhi toh kaise, agar karni bhi hogi (Even if we wanted to, how will it be possible now)? View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Oct 23, 2019 at 1:51am PDT  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Oct 23, 2019 at 1:51am PDT Not planned and not thought about it right now, but like I always say, I will not hide it, Arjun said. The couple have been dating for over a year now and are often spotted together on dates and at holidays. Arjun was also asked about what sets Malaika apart, he said, I would have to say its difficult, to sum up when you love somebody that one particular thing you like because the whole point is that when you love somebody, you love the entirety of the personality that the person has. He added,  With her, I feel she really gets me and shes very patient with me. I am not the easiest or the simplest person to be with, I am a certain way, and I think her patience with me really matters. Also read: Alia Bhatt-Ranbir Kapoor also hosting her sister Shaheen at his home? Mom Soni Razdan says the sisters are living apart View this post on Instagram           It was great chatting with you all @dishanaik10 @himanshubindal1 @realchhavi @tyneeneety @purvi_goyal @give_india @fankindofficial @anshulakapoor A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Apr 15, 2020 at 9:30pm PDT It was great chatting with you all @dishanaik10 @himanshubindal1 @realchhavi @tyneeneety @purvi_goyal @give_india @fankindofficial @anshulakapoor A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on Apr 15, 2020 at 9:30pm PDT Arjuns virtual date with fans happened through his sister Anshula Kapoors online fundraising platform, Fankind, and raised enough funds to feed the families affected by Covid-19 pandemic for a month. Coronavirus has thrown us all into an unchartered territory.Im grateful to all my fans that my 30 minute virtual date with five lucky winners for Anshulas Fankind has raised enough funds to feed many families, Arjun said. Earlier, the actor has pledged to the PM-Cares Fund, Maharashtra Chief Ministers Relief Fund, GiveIndia, The Wishing Factory and Bollywoods Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE). Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 17, 2020 09:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sara-ali-khan-bonds-with-brother-ibrahim-over-intense-workout-and-knock-knock-jokes-see-pic/story-isI8E1Z7SYih6YaIuaD2HN.html</url>
<title>Sara Ali Khan bonds with brother Ibrahim over intense workout and knock-knock jokes. See pic</title>
<body >A family that exercises together, stays together. Siblings Sara Ali Khan and Ibrahim Ali Khan seem to be bonding over fitness. On Saturday (April 25) night, the actor shared a picture of the two of them after an intense workout. In the photo, Sara was seen wearing a tank top with the words Pilates Girl on it along with shorts, while Ibrahim wore just a pair of black shorts. Their dog Fuffy was also in the frame. Knock knock. Whos there? Not us- were working out. Yes, us includes Fuffy Singh @fuffy07. #happyweekend #stayhome #staysafe #staypositive, her caption read. Sara has been sharing videos of herself trying knock-knock jokes with Ibrahim, and he is often left facepalming at the end of these videos. They recently appeared together in a fun TikTok video, which also featured their mother Amrita Singh. The three of them took the Whos Most Likely To challenge. View this post on Instagram           Knock knock  Whos there? Not us- were working out   Yes, us includes Fuffy Singh   @fuffy07 #happyweekend #stayhome #staysafe #staypositive A post shared by  Sara Ali Khan (@saraalikhan95) on Apr 25, 2020 at 11:10am PDT Knock knock  Whos there? Not us- were working out   Yes, us includes Fuffy Singh   @fuffy07 #happyweekend #stayhome #staysafe #staypositive A post shared by  Sara Ali Khan (@saraalikhan95) on Apr 25, 2020 at 11:10am PDT Meanwhile, Sara has been at home in Mumbai with her brother and mother, after the shoot of Aanand L Rais Atrangi Re got stalled due to the coronavirus pandemic. The film also stars Akshay Kumar and Dhanush. Also read: Scarlett Johansson says shes made a career out of being second choice, was rejected constantly Sara is awaiting the release of her next, David Dhawans Coolie No 1, which is a reboot of his 1995 hit of the same name. The film stars Varun Dhawan as the titular coolie and was supposed to open in theatres on May 1. However, with a nationwide lockdown in place till May 3 at least, its release has been indefinitely stalled. On Friday (April 24), Varun opened up about Coolie No 1 during an Instagram live session and said that its future was uncertain, as the world was reeling from the coronavirus pandemic. We all are dealing with this, I do wish the film releases, he said, and stressed that he wants it to release in a theatre, hopefully soon. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 26, 2020 08:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karan-johar-apologises-for-sharing-insensitive-social-media-posts-during-covid-19-pandemic-i-apologise-profusely/story-s3PG07KXmMswOWceePauAN.html</url>
<title>Karan Johar apologises for sharing insensitive social media posts during Covid-19 pandemic: I apologise profusely</title>
<body >Filmmaker Karan Johar has apologised for his social media posts during the coronavirus lockdown, after watching a video which sarcastically pointed out that the real heroes are the celebrities. Karan wrote on Twitter, in reaction to the video, This hit me hard and I have realised many of my posts may have been insensitive to many...I apologise profusely and wish to add none of it was intentional and came from a place of sharing but clearly may have lacked emotional foresight ....am sorry! This hit me hard and I have realised many of my posts may have been insensitive to many...I apologise profusely and wish to add none of it was intentional and came from a place of sharing but clearly may have lacked emotional foresight ....am sorry! https://t.co/MO3kHkDQdo Karan Johar (@karanjohar) April 25, 2020 This hit me hard and I have realised many of my posts may have been insensitive to many...I apologise profusely and wish to add none of it was intentional and came from a place of sharing but clearly may have lacked emotional foresight ....am sorry! https://t.co/MO3kHkDQdo The video in question has several people -- doctors, nurses, store workers, etc -- talking about the difficulties theyve been facing during this time, and how celebrities have been helping them pull through. One person sarcastically brought up Ellen DeGeneres comparing quarantine to doing a stint in prison, while another person, who had lost their job, said that watching a celebrity enjoying themselves in their sprawling home was exactly what they needed. Karan has been sharing almost daily Instagram posts of  his twins -- Yash and Roohi -- passing time by making fun of him. His videos have also offered a glimpse inside his lavish home and walk-in closet. Also read: Karan Johars daughter Roohi calls him an elephant after declaring him a buddha, Bollywood cant laugh more. Watch Earlier, filmmaker Farah Khan had called out celebrities for posting workout videos online. Stop making your workout videos and bombarding us with it. I can understand that you all are privileged and you do not have any other worries in this global pandemic except for looking after your figures. But some of us, most of us, have bigger concerns during this crisis. Toh please humare upar reham kijiye aur aapke workout videos bandh kar dijiye (So please have mercy on us and stop your workout videos). And if you cant stop, then please dont feel bad if I unfollow you, she said in a clip posted on Instagram. Meanwhile, tennis player Sania Mirza had called out people sharing food videos at a time when there is big food crisis around the world. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 25, 2020 21:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/twinkle-khanna-had-predicted-her-life-in-online-chat-25-years-ago-i-ll-be-on-a-farm-with-2-kids-a-dog-and-maybe-a-husband/story-WiOww7LoUJJPncY7ESWu3O.html</url>
<title>Twinkle Khanna had predicted her life in online chat 25 years ago: Ill be on a farm with 2 kids, a dog and maybe a husband</title>
<body >Actor-turned-writer Twinkle Khanna has shared snippets of an online chat done 25 years ago where she had talked about her plans for the future. A look at the snippets confirms the writer is living her life almost the way she had imagined it to be. Sharing the snippets on Instagram on Monday, Twinkle wrote, This was around 25 years ago. A transcript of my first live chat, I had gone to the Rediff office I think to do this. Two decades later, have the two kids, a dog and even a husband, though at that point from this chat, it seems like I was not sure if I wanted one:) Nothing else seems to have changed, I still read, have a candle business and keep breaking a leg. When Twinkle was asked where does she herself 10 years down the line, she had answered, Hopefully, in 10 years, I will be sitting on a farm with two kids, a dog and maybe a husband. The writer is married to actor Akshay Kumar, is the mother to their two kids Aarav and Nitara, has a dog and lives with her family in a sea-facing house. On being asked about how she developed an interest in candle-making, Twinkle had replied, I learnt how to make candles when I was a kid. My mom used to make them. Then, when I broke my leg once and couldnt really move around, I started playing around with it. Also read: Twinkle Khanna shares stunning pics of flamingo migration to Mumbai amid lockdown, see them here Sharing her hobbies, Twinkle had said in her chat that she reads a lot, goes for films with her friends, runs on the beach and makes candles. Twinkle is currently nursing a broken leg. She was driven to the hospital by Akshay amid lockdown and had shared a video of their drive back home on Instagram. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 20, 2020 11:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/chris-evans-defends-fantastic-four-but-it-almost-cost-him-captain-america-role/story-ucDXIn3pwNIiJvQzIFBXbI.html</url>
<title>Chris Evans defends Fantastic Four, but it almost cost him Captain America role</title>
<body >Actor Chris Evans has said that being cast as the Human Torch in the Fantastic Four movies meant a lot to him, as hed just been dumped. The actor played the superhero in two Fantastic Four films, before going on to play Captain America in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. That was back when the superhero thing was just taking off, Evans said on THRs podcast. For the most part, this was right on the heels of the Spider-Man with Tobey Maguire and the X-Men, so the superhero thing was just taking off. You try to remember the moments in your life when you get those phone calls to get a job and Im ashamed to admit that I cant always remember getting those calls but that one I remember. There was a lot of other personal things. I think I had just been dumped. I needed a win. I remember getting that phone call and just thinking, Aw, yes! It was really a role that I enjoyed, it was the best paycheck I had ever gotten. It felt like a little bit of a corner had been turned and maybe I could parlay this into something else. Both Fantastic Four films received poor reviews and were only moderately successful at the box office. Marvel president Kevin Feige had said in an interview that Evans having played a superhero already came in the way of him being cast as Captain America. He told the Hollywood Reporter, We thought, OK, well, hes that character. Lets keep looking. Feige said that they rationalised Evans casting by reminding themselves that it wasnt unusual for stars to lead multiple franchises simultaneously. He said, As we (continued) not finding people, we went back to the initial lists. And that brought us back to Chris. And I thought, well, Patrick Stewart played Jean-Luc Picard and Charles Xavier. Harrison Ford played Han Solo and Indiana Jones. Who cares? Also read: Chris Evans mom says she had to convince him to take Captain America role after he kept turning it down Evans has said that he turned down the Captain America offer not once, but twice. He told the Hollywood Reporter, Getting the offer felt to me like the epitome of temptation. The ultimate job offer, on the biggest scale. Im supposed to say no to this thing. It felt like the right thing to do. You see the pictures, and you see the costumes, and its cool. But Id now woken up the day after saying no and felt good, twice. The actor played Captain America from 2011 to 2019, when the character was retired at the end of Avengers: Endgame. Evans most recently appeared in the Apple TV+ series, Defending Jacob. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/tom-cruise-to-reunite-with-director-doug-liman-for-upcoming-space-film/story-8tEJk4E6iem0dtQl5KvZfI.html</url>
<title>Tom Cruise to reunite with director Doug Liman for upcoming space film</title>
<body >Director Doug Liman will reunite with Hollywood star Tom Cruise on his yet-to-be-titled action adventure film to be shot in outer space. Liman has previously directed Cruise on American Made and Edge of Tomorrow. According to Deadline, the filmmaker will also write the screenplay. Cruise and technocrat Elon Musk's aviation company Space X are collaborating with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for filming the ambitious narrative movie aboard a real SpaceX vessel. Liman has been in on the project since its inception, with the director writing the first draft of the screenplay and producing along with Cruise. The pre-production on the space film is unlikely to begin in the very near future as the threat of coronavirus pandemic looms large. Also read: Tom Cruise will be 60 years old by the time Mission Impossible 8 is released, will have played Ethan Hunt for over quarter-century The director, also known for films like Mr  Mrs Smith, The Bourne Identity, is in post-production stage of Chaos Walking, starring Daisy Ridley. Cruise is set for the release of the much-awaited Top Gun: Maverick on December 23. The actor is also looking forward to resume production on Mission: Impossible 7 with director Christopher McQuarrie after the shooting was hit when the pandemic shut down all Hollywood productions in March. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 11:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/i-made-mistakes-initially-pritam-on-plagiarising-charges/story-UoUN2GZXvlKEiAWdhRlBMI.html</url>
<title>I made mistakes initially: Pritam on plagiarising charges</title>
<body >He broke into B-Towns music scene (as a solo music director) with Dhoom (2004), which was a huge musical hit. He followed it up with music for Gangster (2006), Dhoom 2 (2006) and Life In A Metro (2007). There has been no looking back for composer-singer Pritam Chakraborty ever since. Having spent over a decade in Bollywood, Pritam has several awards to his credit. His soundtracks for Dilwale (2015) and Bajrangi Bhaijaan (2015) were sweeping hits. And now, he is composing music for around seven films. Here, Pritam talks about his journey, how film music has changed, and more. How do you look back at your journey in Bollywood so far? It has been eventful. I am blessed to have worked with the best, and to have received so much love from the audience. You have been taking up fewer Hindi film projects. Is there any particular reason for that? Yes, I want to take up fewer projects so that I can concentrate on one album at a time. Earlier, I used to do every film that came my way to maintain my relationships. I didnt know how to say no to anyone. I am also consciously doing more live shows now; thats something I really enjoy. Do you think the struggle to get into the industry today is the same as it used to be in the past? There are many more ways of breaking into the scene now, as the industry has opened up to newcomers. Earlier, it used to be ruled by a few people. However, producers and directors today are looking for new voices and ideas. But, it still takes a lot of effort to prove yourself. What are the changes that you have observed over the years? Earlier, the melody, lyrics and voice were of prime importance in a song. Nobody used to pay much attention to orchestration. But today, orchestration and music production are of major importance. They have become the fourth important factor in a song. People say that the sound of Bollywood music has changed now. Whats your take on it? I dont think the sound has changed much. There was more of a change when we moved from acoustic instruments to electronic. During that phase, composers who only worked with acoustic instruments found it difficult to cope up with the digital recording system. As a result, an increasing amount of pop sound made it into Bollywoods music scene. I remember, rock was not really popular in the past. Life In A Metro (2007) was the first album that had a complete rock sound, followed by Rock On!! (2008). Then the entire rock-pop sound, and the approach to songs, changed from early 2000. Moving from analog acoustic to digital music was the first change that happened in the 90s. It saw the sound of AR Rahman gaining prominence. Later, the pop-rock sound took over in early 2000. These two were the paradigm shifts in sound. What do you miss from music of the yesteryears? I miss longevity. I think nowadays, most film-makers lean towards instant hits, more than longevity. The result is obviously a decrease in the number of songs that are able to withstand time. There have often been plagiarism allegations against you. How do you react to that? Yes, I did make mistakes initially. But once I realised it, I have been particular about my music. However, people keep making false allegations, because its easy to do that. Since the last three years, I have stopped taking false allegations seriously. For example, the Iranian band that said I had plagiarised Pungi (Agent Vinod; 2012) had to give an apology in court for using my name falsely. </body>
<date >Updated: Feb 20, 2016 16:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/rana-daggubati-shares-his-love-story-with-miheeka-bajaj-shah-rukh-khan-s-betaal-misses-the-mark/story-jSnBWEaryQJp0s84WNlS8K.html</url>
<title>Rana Daggubati shares his love story with Miheeka Bajaj, Shah Rukh Khans Betaal misses the mark</title>
<body >Eid 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Sara Ali Khan wish Eid mubarak, Sonam Kapoor says Thank you for praying for us A host of Bollywood celebrities have wished their fans Eid Mubarak on social media. Many of them, such as Sonam Kapoor, Sara Ali Khan and Ananya Panday, shared their traditional looks along with Eid greetings on Instagram. (Read full story here) Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh are having a great Sunday, watch her plant kisses on worlds most squishable face Actor Deepika Padukone is feeling particularly lovey-dovey this Sunday. She has shared a brand new video on Instagram which shows her planting kisses on actor husband Ranveer Singhs face. Worlds Most Squishable Face!!! #cutie @ranveersingh, she captioned her post. (Read full story here) Betaal review: Shah Rukh Khans Netflix zombie show is dead on arrival It is customary for Indian film productions to conduct a mahurat shot  a largely ceremonial practise  before beginning a shoot. The actors and crew are gathered, a pandit is summoned, and a quick pooja is performed to ensure a smooth production, excellent reviews and a big box office. Whether or not there was one here, Netflix shouldve prayed harder, because its latest Indian offering, Betaal, is yet another high-profile misfire from a streaming service in desperate need of a resurrection. (Read full story here) Rana Daggubati reveals how he proposed to Miheeka Bajaj: I met her, I liked her, and thats it. I found love Actor Rana Daggubati recently revealed to his fans through social media that he has found himself the perfect life partner. The Baahubali star said he had proposed to Miheeka Bajaj and she said yes. Not many knew about Rana and Miheeka being in a relationship until the announcement. (Read full story here) Hrithik Roshan praises Madhuri Dixit for her debut single Candle: What a beautiful voice you have mam Actor Hrithik Roshan is the latest to join the growing list of celebrities to praise evergreen star Madhuri Dixit for her debut single Candle. Sharing the original music video of Dixits recently launched song on Twitter, the Krrish actor wrote on Sunday: Have you heard this yet ? what a beautiful voice you have mam. (Read full story here) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 10:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/deepika-padukone-crashes-ranveer-singh-s-live-chat-exposes-his-poor-badminton-skills-he-reveals-how-he-wooed-her/story-qGPGyn9gLhC6Xfrthrt5YM.html</url>
<title>Deepika Padukone crashes Ranveer Singhs live chat, exposes his poor badminton skills; he reveals how he wooed her</title>
<body >Actor Ranveer Singhs lively Instagram live chat with footballer Sunil Chhetri on Sunday was gatecrashed by his wife, actor Deepika Padukone. Ranveer discussed everything from his career to his love for football and WWE with the Indian footballer, who has been hosting Instagram sessions during the lockdown. I love you baby, Deepika wrote in the comments during the chat, and when it ended, she wrote, Well played boys! She also pointed out that Ranveer was terrible at math, and that he was a brat and still is! Reacting to the comment on his mathematical skills, Ranveer said, That makes us two. To all the kids who are facing constant pressure of maths, dont lose hope. It will be great if you do it, but if you cant it is not the end of the world. You can tomorrow find your passion, you can become Sunil Chhetri. View this post on Instagram           #RanveerSingh #DeepikaPadukone as he chats with #SunilChhetri on #instagram #sunday #ManavManglani A post shared by  Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on May 24, 2020 at 11:10am PDT #RanveerSingh #DeepikaPadukone as he chats with #SunilChhetri on #instagram #sunday #ManavManglani A post shared by  Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on May 24, 2020 at 11:10am PDT View this post on Instagram            hilarious chat with #SunilChhetri #instagram #love #sunday #ManavManglani A post shared by  Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on May 24, 2020 at 10:35am PDT  hilarious chat with #SunilChhetri #instagram #love #sunday #ManavManglani A post shared by  Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on May 24, 2020 at 10:35am PDT Ranveer also admitted that unlike Deepika, who is the daughter of badminton champion Prakash Padukone, he cant play the sport. He said that he can only manage three points against her in a set, and that too because she lets him. Chhetri said Deepika had told him, He only gets three points because I respect the fact that he is Prakash Padukones son-in-law.  Expressing mock embarrassment, Ranveer yelled into the distance, and said, Baby! Expose kar rahi hai tu mujhe (Youre exposing me). At that point, Deepikas hand appeared in the frame and gave a thumbs up. Also read: Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh are having a great Sunday, watch her plant kisses on worlds most squishable face Ranveer and Deepika have been quarantining at home during the lockdown. During the interaction, Ranveer spoke highly of his wife. When Chhetri told him that hed learned from Deepika that when they were dating, Ranveer used to woo her with flowers. All the young gentlemen who have tuned in to this live chat, yeh hota hai patana (this is how you impress a girl). I knew she loved flowers. Six months into dating I knew she was the one, and I wanted her to be mine for life. I was very diligent about courting her, and I would make ridiculously compressed trips to go and meet her when she was shooting somewhere else. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 08:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/amitabh-bachchan-s-fans-think-grandson-agastya-looks-like-carry-minati-but-he-doesn-t-know-who-that-is/story-MOKIn5SqRSpfVi79nW0DHO.html</url>
<title>Amitabh Bachchans fans think grandson Agastya looks like Carry Minati, but he doesnt know who that is</title>
<body >Actor Amitabh Bachchan expressed his confusion when fans pointed out that his grandson, Agastya Nanda, looked like YouTuber Carry Minati in a recently shared Instagram post. Carry kya hota hai (What is Carry)? Amitabh wondered. On Thursday, Amitabh had shared a black-and-white picture of himself and his grandson at their home gym in Mumbai. Sharing the picture on Instagram, Amitabh wrote, Fight .. fight the fit .. fit the fight .. reflective mirrors , laterally inverted imagery .. and the inspiration with Grandson .. View this post on Instagram           Fight .. fight the fit .. fit the fight .. reflective mirrors , laterally inverted imagery .. and the inspiration with Grandson .. A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 20, 2020 at 10:23pm PDT Fight .. fight the fit .. fit the fight .. reflective mirrors , laterally inverted imagery .. and the inspiration with Grandson .. A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 20, 2020 at 10:23pm PDT Yeh baju mein Carry khada hai kya sir (Is that Carry standing next to you sir)? one fan asked in the comments section. To this, Amitabh replied, baju mein mera pota, mera grandson khada hai. Ye carry kya hota hai. (My grandson is standing next to me. What is this Carry)? Carry Minati recently made headlines when a video posted by him was taken down by YouTube for allegedly violating its terms of service. In the viral video, Carry had roasted TikToker Amir Siddiqui. The video had earned millions of views, and was on track to become the most-liked non-music video on the platform, before it was taken down. He had also claimed that TikTok is an inferior platform to YouTube, and it restricts content creators time and imagination. He had pointed out numerous flaws in Amirs content. Also read: Amitabh Bachchan takes inspiration from grandson Agastya Nanda, strikes a cool pose in gym. See pic Taking to social media, Carry Minati, whose real name is Ajey Nagar, wrote that he is disappointed that the goal couldnt be achieved, as it would have been an honour for all of India. He wrote that he looks forward to creating more content for his fans, for whom he is grateful. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 11:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/shakib-says-icc-guidelines-on-resumption-of-cricket-need-more-clarity/story-Y2nRa8ezftM2ivSmvrXTdI.html</url>
<title>Shakib Al-Hasan says ICC guidelines on resumption of cricket need more clarity</title>
<body >Banned Bangladesh all-rounder Shakib Al-Hasan feels the ICC guidelines on ways to resume cricket leave a lot of unanswered questions and there are issues which require discussion before the sport returns from the coronavirus-forced hiatus. As member nations ease restrictions imposed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic, the International Cricket Council on Friday issued comprehensive guidelines aimed at getting the sport up and running around the world while at the same time maintaining the highest safety protocols. The measures include the appointment of chief medical officers, a 14-day pre-match isolation training camp and use of gloves by umpires while handling the ball. Also read:Hes a mystery, dont know how he keeps going: Robin Uthappa lauds KKR owner Shah Rukh Khan Now we are hearing that it (COVID-19 virus) might spread around 12 feet, not just three or six. So does it mean the two batsmen cant meet at the end of the over? asked the cricketer who is serving a one-year ban for failing to report corrupt approaches. They will stand at their ends? Wont there be any crowd in the stadium? Will the wicketkeeper stand afar? What would happen to close-in fielders? These things require discussions, he was quoted as saying by Prothom Alo newspaper.    The ICC also suggested format-specific training periods for bowlers all over the world, allowing them a minimum of 5-6 weeks of training, with the last three weeks involving bowling at match intensity in order to facilitate their return to T20Is. Also read:Take stress out of Virat Kohlis life:Former India pacer bats for Rohit Sharma as captain inT20Is The 24-year-old, however, said the ICC is unlikely to let cricket resume without assessing the situation properly.    I dont think they (ICC) will take a chance before they are very sure. Whatever it is, life comes first. I am sure they will think of safety first, he said. Shakib said he is spending time counting days for his return. I am counting days in two ways. One, when will corona be over, and the other, when will my suspension end. I am going through a tough time. Although theres no cricket going on anywhere, I know that if it starts tomorrow, I wont be able to play cricket. When you are restricted about something, whether others talk about it or not, you know yourself about what you are going through, he said. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 11:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/shardul-thakur-hits-nets-after-long-break-due-to-covid-19-lockdown/story-K7jkeGOOuWoD7DeAIOCDoL.html</url>
<title>Shardul Thakur hits nets after long break due to Covid-19 lockdown</title>
<body >The first practice session for two months, in the non-red zone of Maharashtras Palghar district, was a different experience for India pacer Shardul Thakur on Saturday. The Mumbai bowler used an old ball for the net session held at the Palghar Dahanu Taluka District Sports Association Ground, but not once did he shine the ball. In the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) issued by the International Cricket Council on Friday, use of saliva is not allowed to shine the ball. Though it was hot and humid, Thakur made a conscious effort to not shine the ball, avoiding the use of sweat as well though it is allowed. It must be the first time since I learnt the importance of shining the ball that I did not shine it at all, said Thakur. The 28-year-old has been doing workouts at home in the lockdown phase, but was bowling for the first time since March 13. It took some time to get used to running with spikes on as I was wearing them after a long time, said Thakur, who bowled five overs. I was to join the Chennai Super Kings training in Chennai on March 15, but IPL got postponed and I came home to Palghar (Palghar-Mahim village) on March 17. Thakur trained with five players, including Mumbai Ranji batsman Hardik Tamore, who hit a century in the last match of the season against Madhya Pradesh at Wankhede Stadium. Tamore and Sairaj Patil (Mumbai U-23 batsman), took turns to bat in the session that started at 8 am and lasted two-and-half hours. This was the first time I was batting after playing a Twenty20 match at Bhopal for DY Patil SA. Since then it has been workouts at home and batting drills. I was fine after taking some throw downs, said Tamore. Thakur plans to practice next after a few days. Training everyday wont be right after the long gap. We have to gradually get into it. The India player said everyone took necessary precautions by wearing the mask on the way to the ground, and putting it on immediately after practice and maintaining social distance. All the bowlers used their personal balls, said Thakur. Neighbouring areas are in the red zone (due to Covid-19 positive cases) but Palghar Grameen is not, according to the new guidelines. Once the guidelines from the Palghar district collector were issued concerning sports, the aim was always to begin the training process. Due to the facility in Palghar district, we were able to facilitate the much-needed training programme for our players, starting with India and Mumbai players of the area, said Mumbai Cricket Association apex council member, Ajinkya Naik. We love the game so much, it was only about going there and bowling. I was not thinking much, it was not a day to analyse, said Thakur, calling IPL a festival he has missed this summer. It is good that my body is not sore, I was in good rhythm, was generating speed, but for accuracy I will need a few more sessions; today, I was a bit haywire. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 18:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/resume-cricket-only-if-there-is-no-risk-of-spurt-in-local-transmission-icc/story-kqc0YgVF3jZ1nopCW6ioHI.html</url>
<title>Resume cricket only if there is no risk of spurt in local transmission: ICC</title>
<body >The ICC has advised its member nations to exercise caution while resuming cricket activities, fearing a spurt in local transmission with many countries still struggling to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. As member nations ease restrictions imposed to contain the pandemic, the International Cricket Council on Friday issued comprehensive guidelines aimed at getting the sport up and running around the world while at the same time maintaining the highest safety protocols. Safety first is one of the primary considerations of the ICCs back-to-cricket guidelines and involving the governments at all stages is a must. The resumption of cricket activities should begin only if there is no perceived or known risk that doing so might result in an increase in the local transmission rate, the ICC said in its guidelines. While England remains one of the most affected countries, major cricket-playing nations such as India and Pakistan have seen a spike in the number of coronavirus positive cases in recent weeks. The world governing body of the sport added: Every effort should be made to ensure that risks associated with the cricket environment -- field of play, training venue, changing rooms, equipment, management of the ball have been mitigated before any training session or match. Cricket, like other global sports, came to a screeching halt owing to the pandemic, which first originated in the Chinese city of Wuhan in Hubei province. Big-ticket events including the glitzy Indian Premier League and bilateral series were indefinitely postponed as the novel coronavirus got down to spreading its ugly tentacles across the world. And even though cricket is a non-contact sport, the ICC is treading a cautious path considering the risk the unprecedented health crisis involves. Under the subhead government advice, the apex body guidelines stated, ICC Members (and their own cricket communities) should be guided by the advice of their respective governments in relation to when sporting activity is resumed. Where sporting activities has been expressly forbidden by governments, no cricket activity should commence until approval to do so has been obtained from the government.Government advice should also be sought in relation to travel restrictions (domestic and international) and quarantine requirements. The ICC has also called for the need to educate players and all other stakeholders on the updated safety protocols in what is going to be a vastly different world. Education should include preventative measures such as: general hygiene practices such as regular and thorough washing of hands with soap and sanitizing with an alcohol-based hand-rub, refraining from touching your eyes, nose and mouth and good respiratory hygiene such as coughing or sneezing into your bent elbow etc. Hygiene practices specific to cricket such as no sharing of drink bottles and towels and the safe management of the ball.Sharing of equipment will become a thing of the past. Wherever possible, items of cricket equipment should not be shared with anyone else unless an appropriate cleaning protocol is followed. Players should be advised to minimise the use of changing rooms, shower facilities and other communal areas. Where possible, players should be encouraged to shower and change at home instead of at match and training venues.It also stated that cricket must play a role in supporting individuals to gain a sense of normalcy in their lives and carries with it important physical and mental health benefits. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 18:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/players-not-allowed-loo-breaks-during-training-can-t-give-even-cap-to-umpire-icc-guidelines/story-UeMOH7aNnQ4x5cA2KsEZZM.html</url>
<title>Players not allowed loo breaks during training, cant give even cap to umpire: ICC guidelines</title>
<body >There will neither be loo breaks during training nor the players will be allowed to hand over their caps or sunglasses to the on-field umpires as international cricketers will be required to let go of some of their intrinsic habits when play resumes in the post-COVID-19 world. In its back to cricket guidelines issued for resumption of the game, the International Cricket Council (ICC) has effectively barred players from handing over their personal equipments (cap, towel, sunglasses, jumpers) to the umpire or his teammates as part of maintaining social distance. Players and umpires should maintain social distancing on the cricket field and that includes no handing over of player items (cap, towels, sunglasses, jumpers) to the umpire or teammates, read the ICC playing guidelines. Also read:ICC recommends 14-day isolation training camps, appointment of CMOs in guidelines However there was no clarity on who will keep the players items?    Consider adopting a process that will assist the bowler in managing his/her items. Umpires may also be encouraged to use gloves when handling the ball, says the governing body. The players  are unlikely to keep their cap or sunglasses in the field of play as it would attract penalty runs just like in the case of a helmet. The ICC also wants them to minimise their time spent in the changing room before and after a match. The ICC Cricket Committee has already recommended ban on using the saliva on the ball and now players have been advised not to touch eyes, nose, and mouth after making contact with the ball and sanitise their hands after they come in contact with the ball. Life might get even tougher for them when they are training for the game with no loo and shower breaks encouraged. Also read: You could not give a bad ball to him:James Anderson, Dale Steyn recall bowling against SachinTendulkar All participants should adopt a ready to train approach where possible i.e. come to training prepared without the need to use any communal facilities such as changing rooms or showering facilities, read one of the training guidelines. Personal equipment should be sanitised before and after use (training and competition), read another one. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 22:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/his-leadership-will-be-key-to-us-graeme-smith-wants-sourav-ganguly-as-icc-chairman/story-cwXDkRZYiQsD8qCMULJacK.html</url>
<title>His leadership will be key to us: Graeme Smith wants Sourav Ganguly as ICC Chairman</title>
<body >Cricket has been put on hold during this coronavirus pandemic. The International Cricket Council is trying to work out solutions for the resumption of cricket and is holding regular meetings regarding the subject. All eyes are on India for getting cricket back on its tract as they are the financial powerhouses of the sport. Countries like Australia and South Africa are looking for India to tour their countries to give them a financial boost. Cricket South Africa (CSA) director of Cricket Graeme Smith even wants Sourav Ganguly to take over ICC chairmanship in this tough period for cricket. Currently, ICC is headed by former BCCI president Shashank Manohar and his period is set to end this month. Smiths comments were backed by CSA CEO Jacques Faul, who also said that South Africa wont have any objection to an Indian again heading the ICC. READ | When a player comes to CSK, his career is born again, Dwayne Bravo explains the MS Dhoni effect From our perspective, it would be great to see a cricket man like Sourav Ganguly maybe getting into the Presidents role of the ICC, Smith told reporters on Thursday. I think that will be good for the game; I think it will be good for the modern game as well. He understands it; he has played it at the highest level; he is respected; and his leadership will be key to us going forward, Smith, the former Proteas skipper said. Manohar could get a two-month extension due to current situation. England and Wales Cricket Boards former chairman Colin Graves was the favourite to succeed Manohar but Smiths comment has given an interesting lot twist. Smith further said that Gangulys vast knowledge of the game would be helpful if he is the boss of the global cricket body. I think leadership in our sport going forward is going to be key and I think having someone at a level that understands the modern game and the challenges we are going to face going forward emphasises more the people that get put into key positions, Smith said. Having dealt with Sourav for a long time, I think that the President of the ICC now becomes a very key position going forward in terms of how the game can progress at the right level. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 20:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/natural-for-me-to-put-saliva-r-ashwin-admits-cricketers-will-have-to-adapt-in-post-covid-19-world/story-MAhdUCGu80TjaCiM1grw7L.html</url>
<title>Natural for me to put saliva: R Ashwin admits cricketers will have to adapt in post-Covid-19 world</title>
<body >The return of cricket has been eagerly awaited by fans all around the world. However, it is expected that cricket will not be the same when it returns in this coronavirus affected world. The International Cricket Council (ICC) has been mulling several options while looking to restart cricket sometime in the future. One of the contentious issues has been the use of saliva on the ball by bowlers to get it to retain its shine. The ICC Cricket Committee recommended a ban on the use of saliva in its meeting earlier this week This has prompted a response from Indias premier spinner Ravichandran Ashwin, who feels putting saliva on the ball is a habit and it will take some practice to get rid of it when cricket resumes in the post-COVID-19 world. Also read:Pakistan cricketers to remain in bio-secure environment for up to three months I dont know (when is) the next time I go out there. It is natural for me to put saliva. Its going to take some practise (to not apply saliva). But I think, if we all have to co-exist, which is the DNA of human race, we will have to try and adapt to this, Ashwin said during an Instagram chat with Delhi Capitals. Talking about his carrom ball, Ashwin said it roughy took him four years to develop it. Its more about trying these variations and the disappointments you get with it. Imagine try to play carrom with your middle finger and youre trying to push a cricket ball of that weight that cannot be compressed and you are trying to push it with velocity and trying it to spin. Its no mean achievement. Your finger, body need to understand it so on and so forth, said the man who has taken 365 wickets in 71 Tests. For me, when I was trying this carrom ball, I was expecting it to get it right every day. But every day despite bowling hundreds of deliveries, I will return home with disappointment of not being able to achieve what I had set out to achieve. That was a very very annoying state because you go through the practice and all with a dream in your head. But it does not pan out as quickly as you expected. Also read:IPL possible with international stars after monsoon: BCCI CEO Rahul Johri And then he tried reverse carrom. I tried the reverse carrom, which I bowl at will now. I have been trying the googly. All these things tested my patience. But I feel when it tests your patience is when you need to be extra hard-working, extra rudimentary and extra confident of your skills. The social distancing norms in the post-COVID-19 world will be a throwback to the 70s and 80s when there were no exaggerated celebrations. If you watch those classic games of 1970 or 80s, wicket celebration was people use to stand away from each other and keep clapping, you never really had high fives and wrist pumps. It developed much later in the game. On a pragmatic note, Ashwin said that COVID-19 is natures way of showing that human race needs to respect planet earth. I probably think, this is the whole way the elephant in the room  COVID19, is probably a lesson for humanity in the whole  of trying to tell us  hey you know what try and take a back step, you know you are stamping my feet all the time, you are spoiling nature, you are not listening to what is required, because humanity thrives  our race is thrived because of what planet is. It is unfair how much we have inflicted damage on it, so I think that is an extension what the game should be like. We should also understand that we need to appreciate all these things, maintain a certain sense of decorum and dignity, probably, he said. (with PTI inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 08:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/kumble-s-icc-panel-says-no-saliva-sweat-okay-to-shine-ball/story-G88qrNphJue5YmLV8jmMbP.html</url>
<title>Okay with sweat but no saliva to shine ball: Anil Kumbles ICC panel</title>
<body >Players must be barred from using saliva to shine the ball but can continue to use their sweat, the Anil Kumble-headed ICC Cricket Committee recommended on Monday as a major health precaution in the game. It is part of the recommendations made by the International Cricket Council (ICC) panel dealing with the games technical aspects, which held a conference call to address issues posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. The panel also recommended the posting of non-neutral match officials for international matches as an interim step to deal with global travel restrictions. Also Read | Will have to get used to new normal: Ishant on possible ban on use of saliva The conference call addressed the hotly-debated topic of how the match ball should, traditionally shined using sweat and saliva, be maintained. Its decisions will go before the chief executives committee in early June for approval. Were living through extraordinary times and the recommendations the committee have made today are interim measures to enable us to safely resume cricket in a way that preserves the essence of our game whilst protecting everyone involved, Kumble said in an ICC statement. Match Ball The cricket committee heard from Dr. Peter Harcourt, chair of ICCs medical advisory committee, about the high risk of the virus being transmitted through saliva and unanimously agreed to recommend a ban on using saliva to polish the ball. Also Read | No training camp for contracted players but plan to resume skill-based practice at local level: BCCI It also considered medical advice that it is highly unlikely the virus can be transmitted through sweat and saw no need to prohibit its use on the ball. It has called for stricter hygiene on and around the playing field. Umpires, referees The Kumble-led panel wants the rule stipulating the appointment of neutral match officials for international games to be temporarily suspended. The rule for posting only neutral officials has been in force since 2002. With international travel heavily curtailed and borders closed globally, limited commercial flights and mandatory quarantine periods, the panel said local match officials, as far as possible from ICCs Elite and International panel, be appointed in the short-term. If there are no Elite Panel officials in the country, the best local International Panel match officials will be appointed. It also recommended more technology use to support the appointment of a wider pool of umpires from around the world. It proposed an additional DRS review per team, per innings in each format as an interim measure. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 18, 2020 22:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/it-is-unbelievable-rohit-sharma-names-only-place-where-team-india-does-not-get-any-support/story-fW23dBqMLK6KPum5zFWkkN.html</url>
<title>It is unbelievable: Rohit Sharma names only place where Team India does not get any support</title>
<body >Indias limited-overs vice captain Rohit Sharma admitted that Bangladesh is the only place where the Indian team does not get too much support. The two neighbours have faced each other in bilateral series and ICC tournaments a number of times since Bangladesh were made a Full Member by the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 2000. India and Bangladesh have passionate cricket fans, when we make mistakes, we are criticised from all corners, I know it is similar in Bangladesh, I know how passionate fans can get in Bangladesh, when we come to the ground to play the match, it is unbelievable. India is not used to playing without any sort of crowd support, Bangladesh is the only place where we do not get any support, Rohit told Bangladesh opener Tamim Iqbal in an Instagram live video chat between the two. READ |Told Ganguly Ill go after McGrath: Sachin Tendulkar recalls how he unsettled Aussie quick in ICC Knockout in 2000 A number of opposition players and captains have noted how their teams often get booed in their own home grounds by expatriate Indian fans when they play India. However, that is rarely the case in Bangladesh, according to Rohit. Hitman also praised Tamim and the Bangladesh team for becoming a major force in cricket over the years. We get support wherever we go, Bangladesh is the only place where we do not get any support. I know Bangladesh fans really get behind you, this is a totally different Bangladesh side now, you have a sense of eagerness in your team now, everybody says that, we have seen with your performances during the 2019 World Cup as well, he added. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 16, 2020 16:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/nasser-hussain-reacts-to-icc-s-post-on-india-s-2002-natwest-tropny-win/story-3pwagjdb6kd7JjHbayzc7I.html</url>
<title>Nasser Hussain reacts to ICCs post on Indias 2002 Natwest Tropny win</title>
<body >The 2002 Natwest Trophy is still regarded as one of the biggest victories in Indian cricket as the Sourav Ganguly-led side pulled off a miraculous win over England at Lords. Chasing a mammoth total of 326, India lost half of their side under 200 but Mohammed Kaif and Yuvraj Singh stitched together a brilliant partnership to guide India to a legendary win. The International Cricket Council (ICC) shared a picture of the victory on Twitter and asked fans to guess the match.Scenes, Can you tell us which dramatic win the Indians are celebrating, ICC tweeted. READ:Brendon McCullum has suggestion to spur interest in BBL Most fans recognised the image and started answering on the post. However, to ICCs query, then England cricket team skipper Nasser Hussain replied: No. In the Natwest final, India was set a target of 326 to win the match. India was struggling at 146/5 when both Yuvraj and Kaif got together at the crease. The duo put on a partnership of 121 runs to give India a glimmer of hope in the match. Yuvraj was dismissed for 69 runs, but Kaif batted well  to give India a win in the final over by two wickets and with three balls to spare. Scenes Can you tell us which dramatic win the Indians are celebrating? pic.twitter.com/Grh0VUwzBx ICC (@ICC) May 6, 2020 Scenes Can you tell us which dramatic win the Indians are celebrating? pic.twitter.com/Grh0VUwzBx Earlier, Hussain revealed a conversation with former India head coach Duncan Fletcher regarding Kohli. Hussain stated Fletcher had seen very early that Kohli is going to be a big star in the future. He is not worried about stats. The only stats he is worried about is the win/loss column. I was speaking to (former India head coach) Duncan Fletcher about him and he said watch out for this lad. He has a real fight and character in him, Hussain said in Star Sports show Cricket Connected. (With agency inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 07, 2020 00:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/may-the-fours-be-with-you-icc-pays-tribute-to-star-wars-watch/story-2xzOSzxSstRSSx9CVIjeAJ.html</url>
<title>May the fours be with you:ICCpays tribute to Star Wars - Watch</title>
<body >The International Cricket Council (ICC) shared a special video on its social media handle on Monday to commemorate Star Wars day. May 4 is referred to as Star Wars Day as a pun to the movie franchises popular catchphrase may the force be with you. The ICC put out an edited video wherein batsmen and batswomen are hitting boundaries using lightsabers -- the most commonly used weapon in the movie franchise. READ:Very good bowler, can use the crease better - Mushtaq Ahmed on India spinner Their post read: May the fours be with you. #StarWarsDay. India skipper Virat Kohli also features in the video as he is seen hitting an Oshane Thomas delivery over the infield for a boundary towards covers. In his hand, Kohli doesnt have a bat but a blue lightsaber. Few other batsmen like Jos Buttler, Chris Gayle and Fakhar Zaman also feature in the video and so do batswomen like Nattakan Chantam and Laura Wolvaardt. May The Fours Be With You #StarWarsDay pic.twitter.com/fllDv5MsTo ICC (@ICC) May 4, 2020 May The Fours Be With You #StarWarsDay pic.twitter.com/fllDv5MsTo All cricket has been currently suspended due to coronavirus pandemic, which has hit the entire world. In normal circumstances, the 13th edition of the Indian Premier League would have been going on at present, but due the outbreak of virus it was postponed by the BCCI. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 04, 2020 18:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/south-africa-confirm-postponement-of-sri-lanka-tour/story-XcF8AHVLrKuVpXxT71wB7J.html</url>
<title>South Africa confirm postponement of Sri Lanka tour</title>
<body >South Africas limited-overs tour of Sri Lanka that was scheduled to take place in June has been postponed due the coronavirus pandemic, officials said on Monday. The teams were due to play three one-day internationals and three Twenty20 games, with the 50-over matches South Africas first in the International Cricket Councils new ODI league. It is very sad that we have been forced to take this step and we will re-schedule the tour as soon as cricket returns to a sense of normality and our international fixture list allows, Cricket South Africa acting chief executive Jacques Faul said in a statement. Our Proteas would not have been able to prepare properly taking our own lockdown situation into account and, more importantly, health considerations for our players, which are always paramount, were the over-riding factor. South Africas next scheduled tour is to the West Indies for two tests and five Twenty20 matches in late July and August, the latter forming part of the countrys build-up to the 20-over World Cup in Australia starting in October. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 20, 2020 14:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/icc-talks-about-staging-t20-world-cup-amidst-covid-19-crisis/story-KwzmRBNbzYC3w27xHo9VsN.html</url>
<title>ICC talks about staging T20 World Cup amidst COVID-19 crisis</title>
<body >The International Cricket Council (ICC) is not in a hurry to take a decision whether the T20 World Cup should be postponed in the wake of COVID-19 or staged as scheduled, saying it is exploring all options as part of its comprehensive contingency planning for all its events. The T20 World Cup is scheduled to be held in Australia from October 18 to November 15 but with all sporting events either postponed or cancelled due to the global health crisis, the fate of the tournament remains uncertain. With Australia sealing its borders and putting restrictions on travel to contain the dreaded disease, there have been speculations that the T20 World Cup could be postponed to next year or held inside closed doors. We are continuing with our planning for ICC events as they are, but given the rapidly evolving situation as a prudent and responsible measure we are also undertaking a comprehensive contingency planning exercise, an ICC spokesperson was quoted as saying by SkySport. This includes exploring all options available to us based on a range of scenarios connected to the pandemic.The T20 World Cup is still six months away and ICC said it will take a decision after consulting all stakeholders, including the Australian government. We will continue to take advice from experts and authorities, including the Australian government and will take decisions at the appropriate time, the spokesperson said. We will utilise all the data and information available to us to ensure we can take well-informed, responsible decisions that are in the best interests of our sport.Former captain Allan Border and star all-rounder Glenn Maxwell have already given a thumbs down to the prospect of the tournament happening without spectators, while former batsman Simon Katich and wicket-keeper batsman Alex Carey feel delaying the event remains an option. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 17, 2020 17:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/from-england-s-trophy-winning-draw-to-india-slaying-two-time-defending-champs-top-5-world-cup-finals-ranked/story-qAqs086H3LT8Jr7vguW6cM.html</url>
<title>From Englands trophy-winning draw to India slaying two-time defending champs: Top 5 World Cup finals ranked</title>
<body >The Cricket World Cup is the biggest event in International Cricket Councils (ICC) calendar every four years. The multi-national event puts together the best teams among each other and winner gets the bragging rights to be called the best ODI team in the world for four years. Over the years, there have been some really thrilling matches while there have been some one-sided affairs as well. Here is our top five World Cup finals that really caught the imagination of the fans. 5) 2011: India beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets The stage was set for Sachin Tendulkar to lift the hallowed trophy on his home turf. But as Lasith Malinga removed Virender Sehwag and Tendulkar in quick succession, the dream quickly started to become a nightmare. Up stepped Gautam Gambhir and along with skipper MS Dhoni, got India back on track. Gambhir 97 took India on the threshold of victory, while Dhonis six took them over the line at Wankhede. ALSO READ: No preparation, no talks; IPL unlikely till end of April 4) 1996: Sri Lanka beat Australia by 7 wickets If ever a World Cup final belonged to a cricketer then that player is Aravinda de Silva. With the ball, he scalped the wickets of Mark Taylor, Ricky Ponting and Ian Healy to restrict Australia to 241/7. Then following the dismissals of Sanath Jayasuriya and Romesh Kaluwitharana, he scored a masterful unbeaten 107 to help Sri Lanka win their maiden title with 22 balls to spare in Lahore. 3) 2003: Australia beat India by 125 runs One of the most one-sided finals in the history of World Cups. As Zaheer Khan went for 15 runs in the first over, Indian fans knew it is going to be a long day for their bowlers against an explosive batting side. Ricky Ponting annihilated the bowlers, so much so that few Indian fans believed the Australian skipper had spring in his gloves. Sachin Tendulkar perished in first over in the humongous chase of 360 as India folded for just 234. 2) 1983: India beat West Indies by 43 runs This David and Goliath finale was played between two-time defending champions West Indies and Kapils Devils India. The incredible pace attack of West Indies forced India to settle for 183 as the likes of Andy Roberts, Malcolm Marshall and Michael Holding were all among the wickets. Indian bowlers launched a ferocious fight back as Madan Lal and Mohinder Amarnath scalped three wickets each to bring down the mighty Clive Lloyd-led team. Kapil Dev catch to dismiss Vivian Richards remains one of the finest pieces of fielding in a title clash. The WI juggernaut folded for 140 as India won their maiden title at the iconic Lords. 1) 2019: England vs New Zealand: Match tied, super over tied - England won via boundary count rule The two teams were so well-matched that they couldnt be separated even after a game of 102 overs. After New Zealand put up a below-par score of 241/8, England too finished at the same score, courtesy a magical innings from Ben Stokes (84* off 98 balls). The match went into super over and guess what, both teams once again finished with 15 runs on the board respectively. England became the champions because they had scored more boundaries than New Zealand on the day. As for the Kiwis, they were as good on the day as the score suggested, but a controversial rule forced them to finish second. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 25, 2020 10:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/angelina-jolie-drops-brad-pitt-s-last-name-two-days-after-becoming-legally-single/story-tauI74GzxDcvEew6Y5BKsI.html</url>
<title>Angelina Jolie drops Brad Pitts last name two days after becoming legally single</title>
<body >Angelina Jolie has dropped Pitt from her last name amid her divorce from actor Brad Pitt. The news comes two days after it was reported that Jolie and Pitt, 55, are legally single. According to court documents obtained by The Blast, the former couple filed a judgment on April 12 to move for a bifurcated judgement, which means they could end their marriage even as they continue to negotiate their divorce settlement. Sources told the publication it was very important for the stars to emotionally break away from each other and begin their new single lives, so the documents were fast-tracked with their private judge. The former couples six children are also listed on the document, but their names will continue to be hyphenated, Jolie-Pitt. Also read: Rishi Kapoor has a question for Indias World Cup squad, asks why most of our cricketers sport beards? Both parents are focused on whats best for the kids, a source told people.com. The couple share six children together, Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh and twins Knox and Vivienne. Pitt and Jolie got married in 2014 but two years later, they filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences. The Wanted actress demaned physical custody of the children. Since then, the two have been in ongoing negotiations over custody and dividing their finances. In June 2018, a judge established a detailed schedule for Pitt to spend time with the children (except Maddox, who according to the court is old enough to decide for himself how much time he wants to spend with his father). In November 2018, the pair reached a temporary child custody agreement to keep things moving along in the right direction. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 16, 2019 19:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/esha-gupta-on-dealing-with-covid-19-crisis-i-m-treating-this-as-a-war-like-situation/story-I8mw9QMvWaD4GbNaWAOgsJ.html</url>
<title>Esha Gupta on dealing with Covid-19 crisis: Im treating this as a war-like situation</title>
<body >Esha Gupta was aware of the gravity of the Covid-19 situation much before it reached India, all thanks to her Spanish boyfriend. The actor, who isnt comfortable revealing the name of her businessman beau, shares that he has been updating her about the deadly virus and the precautions one needs to take to fight it. My boyfriend, who is in Spain, has been in isolation and has been taking all kinds of precautions. He has been telling me about the virus and somehow I was mentally prepared for this lockdown to happen. Im taking to him every day and video calling to keep a check on his health. Honestly, hes the one who is calming for the otherwise hyper person that I am. He has this relaxing effect on me, says the actor.          View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Esha Gupta (@egupta) on Apr 11, 2020 at 1:55am PDT  A post shared by  Esha Gupta (@egupta) on Apr 11, 2020 at 1:55am PDT The other set of people shes worried about is her family in Delhi. She connects with them via video call daily to check if theyre taking good care of themselves. I am trying to keep myself calm and also taking care of my health treating it like a war situation. (I am) Not hoarding food like many other people, because I know thats wrong and Im also making sure that I dont overdo or waste things. The more I save today, its all the better for my tomorrow, adds the 34-year-old, who does yoga for a peaceful mind and a healthy body. View this post on Instagram             A post shared by  Esha Gupta (@egupta) on Apr 5, 2020 at 2:39am PDT   A post shared by  Esha Gupta (@egupta) on Apr 5, 2020 at 2:39am PDT Gupta agrees that maintaining sanity in such trying times is difficult. Its natural. But we cant lose the battle so easily. We need to try our best. Try doing yoga, it helps a lot. And focus on the good things in life. Im also keeping myself away from negative people, she adds, revealing that shes also learning Spanish, playing the guitar, cooking and baking. The other thing that makes her happy is feeding street dogs. I carry their food in my back(pack) and wearing a mask and gloves every day in the evening, she ends. Follow @htshowbiz for more. </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 21, 2020 16:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/humari-bahu-silk-actor-reeva-chaudhary-claims-she-paid-for-workshops-before-shoot-yet-to-be-paid/story-ivhosJHASlK3v1S6BmMvLP.html</url>
<title>Humari Bahu Silk actor Reeva Chaudhary claims she paid for workshops before shoot, yet to be paid</title>
<body >Days after Humari Bahu Silk lead actors Zaan Khan and Chahat Pandey revealed that they are yet to be paid for their work on the TV show, another actor Reeva Chaudhary has now alleged that she also has payments due with the producers. She also claimed to have paid for the required workshops from her own pocket. A Mumbai Mirror report quoted Reeva as saying, After four months, we got one installment. When the show went off air, we were told to settle for 30-40 percent of our dues. This was my first show. Now, Im wary of doing another one. Devyani (Rale) told us to take 40 percent of our dues... Jyoti Gupta(one of the producers of the show) said we should be happy if we get even 10 percent. Cine and Television Artistes Association (CINTAA ) and Federation of Western India Cine Employees(FWICE ), who approached Zee for the payments have been assured that all dues will be cleared. Zaan also told the tabloid that the junior artistes were also not paid and when they made calls to the producers, their numbers were blocked. We have been shuttling between the three producers Jyoti Gupta, Devyani Rale and Sudhanshu Tripathi. First, Devyani told us to take 40 percent of our dues. Then, Jyoti said we should be happy if we get even 10 percent after making us work 18 hours a day, he said. Also read: Betaal makers face legal trouble as Marathi writers allege plagiarism Earlier, Zaan and Chahat had talked about their financial situation amid the lockdown in wake of coronavirus pandemic. Whatever savings I had which I had earned from my previous shows, I had invested while working on Hamari Bahu Silk. Whether it was for travelling, or on food or for paying my rent, I had exhausted all my savings. During that time I kept asking the producers to give me my hard earned money but they kept giving the same excuses that the channel had not paid them. Things got out of hand for me, as I had no money and I had to pay rent of my house, Chahat had recently said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 12:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sanjay-kapoor-s-wife-maheep-shares-suhana-khan-s-childhood-pics-with-daughter-shanaya-on-her-birthday-see-them-here/story-F1mTRfJs5Zsox17YozNTdN.html</url>
<title>Sanjay Kapoors wife Maheep shares Suhana Khans childhood pics with daughter Shanaya on her birthday. See them here</title>
<body >Actor Sanjay Kapoors wife Maheep on Friday shared a bunch of childhood pictures of actor Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana Khan on the occasion of her 20th birthday. The pictures also featured Maheeps daughter Shanaya. Suhana, Shanaya and actor Ananya Panday have grown up together and are best friends. In one of the pictures, they are sitting together, possibly at a family gathering. In another, Suhana can be seen playing tug-of-war with other kids around her. In a third picture, Suhana and Shanaya pose and use Instagram filters. On Suhanas birthday on Friday, Ananya had shared a picture with Suhana and had written: the two things I miss the most - the great outdoors and SUHANA!!!  happy 20th bday Sue but u will be my little baby forever. Suhana had reacted to the picture and written: Misss uuu ;). I love youu thank you  xxx. It was a picture of the two of them by the beach. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya says he humiliated her in front of Manoj Bajpayee, makes excuses to avoid meeting his kids Suhana, late on Friday, shared a video of herself from the terrace of her Mumbai home and wrote: Im 20 hehe. The video clip featured her in a full-length gown with her hair in the wind. Suhana, who is currently enrolled at New York University, came down to be with her parents before the first lockdown was announced as a measure to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. She has been sharing pictures of herself on social media.  A few days back, her mother Gauri shared a picture from a photoshoot theyd conducted and wrote: No hair !!!!! No make up !!!! Just my photography!!!! While a number of Bollywood celebrities reacted to the picture, Ananya asked if she could borrow the top. She said, I like this top sue!! But ur never gonna lemme borrow @suhanakhan2. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 12:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/karisma-kapoor-says-her-kids-samaira-and-kiaan-don-t-watch-her-films-their-favourite-actress-is-kareena-kapoor/story-Ma0zJgtfcsD5BFa4IGIsqK.html</url>
<title>Karisma Kapoor says her kids Samaira and Kiaan dont watch her films, their favourite actress is Kareena Kapoor</title>
<body >Karisma Kapoor has won plaudits for her performances, including the prestigious National Award, but her children Samaira and Kiaan prefer their aunt Kareena Kapoor Khan as their favourite actor. Karisma made this revelation in an interview with Curly Tales. When asked if she was her kids favourite actress, Karisma said, I dont think so. I think its Bebo (Kareena). She also shared that they have not watched too many of her films: They dont really watch my movies and I dont force it on them. They have watched a few and I like it that way. Its fine. Recently, Karisma made her digital debut with a web series titled Mentalhood, which gives a glimpse into the challenges of parenting in todays day and age. She plays a harried mother of three school-going kids on the show. Directed by Karishma Kohli, Mentalhood also stars Dino Morea, Shruti Seth, Sandhya Mridul, Sanjay Suri, Shilpa Shukla and Tillotama Shome. The show premiered last week and is currently streaming on ALTBalaji and Zee5. Karisma made her Bollywood debut with Prem Qaidi in 1991, and went on to deliver a number of hits, including Coolie No 1, Raja Hindustani, Judwaa, Hum Saath-Saath Hain and Dil To Pagal Hai. In 2003, she made her foray in television with the show Karishma  The Miracles of Destiny, which aired on Sahara One. Also see: Karisma Kapoors daughter Samaira acts in short film Daud, directed by Ananya Pandays sister Rysa. Watch Meanwhile, Samaira recently acted in a short film titled Daud, which was written and directed by Chunky Pandays younger daughter Rysa Panday. The film revolves around a slum dweller who wants to run but does not have the money to even buy shoes. Samaira played a supporting role in Daud; she was seen as a young student who helps the little girl make her dream a reality. The short film also stars Sanjay Kapoors son Jahaan Kapoor. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 17, 2020 08:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-s-son-taimur-goes-backyard-farming-with-a-chef-watch-cute-video/story-3hp58r7Xn1Cdx4EEsmatUM.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoors son Taimur goes backyard farming with a chef. Watch cute video</title>
<body >Actors Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khans son Taimur appears to have a green thumb. The toddler was seen enjoying a good time at an organic farm, picking vegetables and herbs with a chef. Chef Vijay Chauhan posted multiple videos and pictures of Taimur in what appears to be a backyard farm. They cut herbs with scissors, picked cabbage and more vegetables. Through it all, Taimur was seen dressed in a special tiny chefs apron. When my friend #taimuralikhanptaudi is back. feel always happy, He did Farm to fork with #ChefVijaychauhan plucked Some organic Vegetables, He cooked food for him self. He loves Cooking, Taimur loves to eat green leafy vegetables, soups, salad, garden green fresh Fenugreek parantha. He loved our organic Garden, We believe to produce local fresh vegetables. Eat healthy Stay healthy live long, chef Vijay wrote in his post. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Vijaychauhan (@chefvijaychauhan) on Feb 29, 2020 at 1:40pm PST A post shared by Vijaychauhan (@chefvijaychauhan) on Feb 29, 2020 at 1:40pm PST Taimurs fans couldnt help but fawn over the adorable video. This is the sweetest thing i saw. Taimurii habeebii god bless him. this videos made my day thank you for sharing, read one comment. Baby is experiencing something new, wrote another. Also read: Shruti Haasan shares her struggle with PCOS, also reveals There was a time when I went crazy with lip fillers Earlier in November, the chef had also shared pictures with Kareena and Taimur when they were staying at his hotel in Chandigarh. Kareena was there for the shoot of Laal Singh Chaddha. It was a great pleasure to meet #actress #bollywood #therealkareenakapoor and #taimuralikhan and She attend cookery sessions about ice cream and cup cakes.#taimuralikhan made yummy #icecream for his Mom, chef Vijay had posted. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Vijaychauhan (@chefvijaychauhan) on Nov 26, 2019 at 12:08pm PST A post shared by Vijaychauhan (@chefvijaychauhan) on Nov 26, 2019 at 12:08pm PST Kareena often takes Taimur along to film sets. Over the weekend, pictures of her and Saif shooting for an advert while Taimur looked on, went viral on social media. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 01, 2020 17:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/mahabharat-from-juhi-chawla-being-offered-draupadi-s-role-to-nitish-bharadwaj-s-wish-to-play-abhimanyu-10-facts-about-the-show/story-3CsxNyIFcB0lDUk07puFhI.html</url>
<title>Mahabharat: From Juhi Chawla being offered Draupadis role to Nitish Bharadwajs wish to play Abhimanyu, 10 facts about the show</title>
<body >The hit 80s show Mahabharat is back on the television screens after Doordarshan decided to rerun the show for viewers staying indoors amid 21-day coronavirus lockdown. Produced by BR Chopra and co-directed by his son Ravi Chopra, Mahabharat has returned to TV after a period of more than three decades. The show has become an instant hit among the audience, along with another mythological show Ramayan from the same era. As an all new generation watches the show everyday along with those who are revisiting old memories, here are some interesting facts about the show. 1. Nitish Bharadwaj didnt want to play Krishna Nitish Bharadwaj thought he was not experienced enough to play the role of Lord Krishna. He dodged producer BR Chopra for several days to avoid  appearing for a screen test. 2. Juhi Chawla was offered the role of Draupadi Juhi Chawla was offered the role of Draupadi but the actor chose to star in Aamir Khan-starrer Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak instead. Roopa Ganguly finally got the role. 3. Nakul and Sahadev were brothers in real life. Brothers Sameer Chitre and Sanjeev Chitre played two of the five Pandavas Nakul and Sahadev in Mahabharat. 4. Nitish Bharadwaj was first cast as Vidur but was soon replaced Nitish Bharadwaj, who plays Krishna in Mahabharat, was first offered the role of Vidur. He was however replaced by Virendra Razdan and came to know about it only when he bumped into Virandra in the dressing room. Nitish was told he was too young to play an aged Vidur on the show. 5. Pankaj Dheer, who played Karna, was grievously injured during the war scene Pankaj Dheer had a serious accident on the sets during one of the war scenes. His chariot broke down and the horses ran for their life. He was also hit by an arrow near his eyes and had to undergo a surgery. 6. Show script was written by Urdu poet-lyricist-dialogue writer Rahi Masoom Raza. He died less than two years after the show concluded in 1990. His other famous works include scripts of films such as Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki and Disco Dancer. He had also written dialogues for Amol Palekars Gol Maal, Lamhe and Rekha and Jeetendra-starrer Judaai. Also read: Mahabharat: Nitish Bharadwaj refused to play Krishna, dodged BR Chopra to avoid screen test 7. Nitish Bharadwaj wanted to play Abhimanyu After being replaced by another actor for the role of Vidur, Nitish Bharadwaj was offered the role of Nakul and Sahadev but he turned it down as he wanted to play a more  important role, like that of Abhimanyu. 8. The actor who played the character of Arjun had the same name in real life. Actor Arjuns real name was Firoz Khan. He played several other famous characters in films such as Rattan Singh in Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak and Nahar Singh in Karan Arjun. He was also seen as the Sikh inspector in London in Yamla Pagla Deewana 2. 9. Mahabharats Bhishma became Shaktiman Mukesh Khanna who played Bhishma went on to play one of Indias first superheroes, Shaktiman in the hit TV series with the same name. 10. Casting director cast himself as Shakuni Mahabharats casting director Gufi Paintal went on to play the role of Shakuni on the show. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 04, 2020 13:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/mahabharat-nitish-bharadwaj-refused-to-play-krishna-dodged-br-chopra-to-avoid-screen-test/story-m4vUm8SeWSe1gAIbb0v1oL.html</url>
<title>Mahabharat: Nitish Bharadwaj refused to play Krishna, dodged BR Chopra to avoid screen test</title>
<body >Mahabharat is back on television screens and so is Nitish Bharadwaj as Krishna, almost three decades after he shot for the show. However, the actor has revealed he wasnt confident of playing such an important character and dodged director BR Chopra for weeks to avoid giving the screen test. Much before he was cast as Krishna, Nitish was offered the role of Vidur but the idea was dropped soon after. The actor came to know about the change in cast only when he bumped into the actor who was the final choice to play Vidur. Sharing the entire incident, Nitish told Hindustan Times in an interview, When I was first cast as Vidur, I was called to the Seth studios for the shooting. When I was in the makeup room, Virendra Razdan came up in costume and said he was playing Vidur. I said, How can you play Vidur? They have called me for the shoot. He said look at me, I am even wearing the costume and going to give my shot. I went inside to meet Ravi ji (Ravi Chopra), we had already done two ad films together and knew each other. He asked me to wait till he finished his lunch. He then told me, You are hardly 23-24. After a few episodes, Vidur is going to be an old man. It wont look appropriate. After that, I was jobless as far as Mahabharata was concerned. Nitish again got an opportunity to be a part of Mahabharat when he was offered the role of Nakul and Sahdev but he turned it down as he wanted to play Abhimanyu instead. The actor, who was doing Marathi and Hindi films in those days, shared his conversation with BR Chopra. He said, He was convincing me whole day to do Nakul and Sahdev. I was convincing him throughout the day that I dont want to do Nakul and Sahdev because I knew Mahabharata story and wanted to do something better. Before pack-up, he asked me what I really wanted to do. I told him that I wanted to play Abhimanyu. He said okay, we will think about it when the time comes. Watch: Nitish Bharadwaj explains Mahabharatas relevance in present times Days went by and again he was approached for a role in Mahabharat  this time for the lead character of Lord Krishna. Opening up about how he dodged the makers for several days, Nitish said, I was shooting for my second Marathi feature film in Kolhapur. In those days, we used to go for outdoor shoots and would get messages only via landlines when we used to come back to the hotel. I was told to call back my mother who told me that Gufi Paintal had called up, saying they wanted to screen test you for Krishna. I told her to say no as I felt I couldnt do it. She used her wisdom and told Gufi that I was shooting in Kolhapur and she would be able to inform me about his offer only when I return. Also read: Sandhya Mridul: Those who are alone in times of panic, my heart goes out to you Nitish came back and was assisting Ravi Baswani on the show, Kisse Mia Biwi Ke. Actor Bhagyashree had featured in one of the episodes which was before the release of her debut film, Maine Pyar Kiya. Nitish had gone to PR TV for her dubbing session where he bumped into BR Chopra. He got to know that I was there. He asked me what is your problem, I am calling you for screen test, why are you avoiding? I told him You need a more experienced person, how can you have a new person playing the mahanayak (Krishna). He said you always wanted to play a good role, at least appear for the screen test. And thats how he finally did the role which would bring him massive recognition across the country. Author tweets @ruchik87 Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 08, 2020 17:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nitish-bharadwaj-not-a-fan-of-new-mythological-shows-they-only-focus-on-six-pack-abs-vfx/story-wn2qxF5D5ad2EwYxfL1ULK.html</url>
<title>Nitish Bharadwaj not a fan of new mythological shows: They only focus on six-pack abs, VFX</title>
<body >Nitish Bharadwaj, just like Mukesh Khanna, isnt fully convinced with the new mythological shows made these days. The actor had played Krishna in BR Chopras Mahabharat in the 80s and believes things are more plastic and artificial these days. Ask him if he finds a major difference between his show and the more recent ones, he doesnt look pleased. He says, I saw a few shows and they lacked in research and good dialogues. One particular scene surprised me  Ved Vyas was wandering somewhere in Tibet, saying Oh God! Why I have to see all this? Was he a common man? He could see everything while sitting in his place and made Ganesha write Mahabharat as he spoke. Mahabharat is a poem and Ganesha wrote it on one condition that Ved Vyas shouldnt stop speaking. But in one of the shows, he was shown running from here and there - is this your understanding of Mahararishi Ved Vyas? If you couldnt understand Ved Vyas  how will you understand Mahabharat! You are only focussing on great VFX and six pack abs. Everything has started to look plastic and artificial. That is why it will not work. Mahabharat is a book of life  it is the art of living. It teaches you how to live life. If there is Mahabharat (the book) in your house, you will know what all you are not supposed to do. Also read: Mukesh Khanna slams Ekta Kapoor: She murdered Mahabharat, put a tattoo on Draupadis shoulder Technology has brought us together in the virtual world but in reality, we have separated Besides the use of extreme VFX, Nitish also doesnt approve of the trend of having TV sets in each room. Talking about people watching their favourite shows in separate rooms, he says, Kids dont sit with their parents to watch TV, people dont sit together to have dinner. Even if they sit together, everyone is busy on their own cellphones. Technology has brought us together in the virtual world but in reality, we have separated. I want to be rooted in the reality; the virtual world is not the reality. All this is a choice, are you choosing wisely. You are not a mouse who will eat whatever is near you. Watch:Nitish Bharadwaj explains Mahabharatas relevance in present times Use lockdown for family binding Nitish says lockdown is a good opportunity to connect with family, friends and relatives via phone. You have to be careful and utilise this time for family binding. Even if you talk on phone, your friend will feel your words. Texting on WhatsApp groups cant match that. Spend time with kids. There is nothing important happening outside that you may miss. Your daily life will not be affected in any way. Just follow the advisory by the government. Practice yoga, follow your hobbies, read, cook, listen to music and think positive. Also read: Nitish Bharadwaj: If there was a power cut during Mahabharat, people used to set transformers on fire Nitish on spending time in isolation Besides reading, Nitish is pursuing his hobbies during lockdown. I do photography and have been going through all my pictures and arranging them in my computer. I am refining my skills. I love background scores. I have been listening to Hans Zimmers background scores. I am listening to his music from Interstellar, Inception to Gladiator and Titanic. Use the technology to give the right kind of food to your brain and heart, he says. He is away from his family but tries to stay connected via video calling and reveals, My kids stay with their mother in another city. Whenever I visit them, I do everything right from giving them oil massage to bathing them to cooking for them and feeding them with my own hands. I feel so good. I tell them stories and we all four sit together and sing songs and play board games. Now I am far from them in isolation, I try to do all these things via Skype. One needs to use technology in a clever way. Technology is created by man and it shouldnt rule him. Author tweets @ruchik87 Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 08, 2020 17:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/lisa-ray-trains-one-year-old-twins-to-wear-masks-practice-social-distancing-in-singapore-see-pics/story-dLzksg3Eyx88gl69alHoVI.html</url>
<title>Lisa Ray trains one-year-old twins to wear masks, practise social distancing in Singapore. See pics</title>
<body >Lisa Ray moved to Singapore with her daughters , whom she collectively call Souffle, and husband Jason Dehni ahead of the coronavirus outbreak. The Four More Shots Please actor has now shared a few pictures of her one-year-old twins as she made them wear masks for their outdoor time. The pictures show Sufi and Soleil dressed up in identical frocks, wearing adult-size masks and standing a few feet apart from each other. The kids look surprised in their newfound reality. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by lisaraniray (@lisaraniray) on Apr 20, 2020 at 9:02pm PDT A post shared by lisaraniray (@lisaraniray) on Apr 20, 2020 at 9:02pm PDT Sharing the pictures on Instagram, Lisa wrote, What will my Souffle make of this time? I try to make it clear, mama has internalised the source of her joy : the process of thinking and reflecting on life. How do I ensure they see the human familys connection to nature and each other is sacred and immutable behind the masks? Counting the pros and cons of the coronavirus pandemic, she went on to share Marianne Williamsons quote, Two different realities coexist during this pandemic. One is physically, politically  economically devastating; while the other is a forced period of reflection which has already born fruit in the form of reminding us were one human family, connected with nature and each other. She had earlier shared her experience of staying in Singapore which is not under lockdown but in a circuit breaker mode. She had shared pictures of herself wearing a mask provided by the government and wrote, Theres a part of me that wants to volunteer as a social distancing ambassador and help enforce the rules. I understand its difficult for some people to adjust but were in the midst of a global health crisis and its no longer about the individual. We each have to shift our mindset. Its not a sacrifice but a necessity to stay home, stay sane and keep your distance for the welfare of us all. Also read: Disha Patani must be a cool girl if Tiger Shroff spends so much time with her: Sister Krishna reveals actors not living together Lisa recently featured in the second season of the web show Four More Shots Please. She had earlier shared pictures of her daughters playing with her co-stars Maanvi Gagroo and Sayani Gupta on the sets of the show. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 21, 2020 12:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kartik-aaryan-s-sister-slaps-him-during-a-prank-he-says-subah-utho-nahao-pito-so-jao-watch-video/story-BjMb2sP37EsWGLUOb6jnXJ.html</url>
<title>Kartik Aaryans sister slaps him during a prank, he says Subah Utho Nahao Pito So Jao. Watch video</title>
<body >Days after Kartik Aaryans sister Kritika mentioned in a note that the actor wasnt spending enough time with her, the two are now churning out back-to-back funny videos on TikTok. The latest video shared by Kartik shows Kritika beating up the actor. Kartik shared the video on Instagram and captioned it hilariously, Subah Utho Nahao Pito So Jao #QuarantineLife #KokiToki. It shows Kritika playing a prank with Kartik, who ends up getting slapped by her after falling in her trap. View this post on Instagram           Subah Utho Nahao Pito So Jao #QuarantineLife #KokiToki A post shared by  KARTIK AARYAN (@kartikaaryan) on Apr 20, 2020 at 6:24am PDT Subah Utho Nahao Pito So Jao #QuarantineLife #KokiToki A post shared by  KARTIK AARYAN (@kartikaaryan) on Apr 20, 2020 at 6:24am PDT Many of Kartiks fans and friends laughed over the video which got 2.5 million likes in a few hours. Kritika, who is a doctor by profession, commented: sweet revenge. Kartik offered her a rose emoji in reaction to her comment. Arjun Kapoor reacted to the video Angrezi Medium. Warda Khan Nadiadwala commented, Ahhhhhh!!!!! Badlaaaaaaaa. A fan also wrote, Hahahahahahahahaha @dr.kiki_ Kya revenge liya hai ... maza aa gaya @kartikaaryan. A day before, Kartik had shared a video where he flipped his sister for serving him a poorly-made chapatti and captioned it No compromise on food quality. In the video, the actor can be seen taking a bite of a chapatti but hates it. He moves towards his sister, holds her by her braid and swings her out of the balcony. Kartik and Kritika were earlier seen stepping into the shoes of Hrithik Roshan and Preity Zinta to recreate a scene from the film, KoiMil Gaya. Also read: Aishwarya Rai felt bizarre post engagement with Abhishek Bachchan, he calls her a football hooligan Kritika had penned a post last week to praise her brother and his new online show Koki Poochega. She had written, I cannot count the number of times youve made me feel proud of you. Heres one more added to that long list! KOKI POOCHEGA what an epic initiative! Love the show and im so proud of the thought and hard work youve put into it. Its annoying how you dont have time for me , even though were home, because youre so busy working all the time. But then that constant smile on your face while youre at it tells me how much you love your work. Makes me happy seeing you occupied day in and day out so you could make good use of your talents at a time like this. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 21, 2020 08:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/disha-patani-must-be-a-cool-girl-if-tiger-shroff-spends-so-much-time-with-her-sister-krishna-reveals-actors-not-living-together/story-ZTiPn4pXQ6o3d3glmoC1WL.html</url>
<title>Disha Patani must be a cool girl if Tiger Shroff spends so much time with her: Sister Krishna reveals  actors not living together</title>
<body >Krishna Shroff, sister of Tiger Shroff, has turned down rumours of his rumoured girlfriend Disha Patani staying with them during lockdown. While Krishnas boyfriend Eban Hayms has moved in with her, she says Disha stays in the vicinity and often meets her during grocery shopping. Krishna had recently posted a picture and had credited Disha for her make-up. Enquired about the same, Krishna told Mumbai Mirror in an interview, She isnt, but she lives close by. We go grocery-shopping sometimes. Commenting on Disha and Tigers friendship, she said, He and Disha have been friends for ages. We connected over fitness. Since Tiger is a loner, I figured she is a cool girl if my brother is spending so much time with her. She added that Tiger has a very good sense of humour though it takes time to understand him. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by disha patani (paatni) (@dishapatani) on Mar 24, 2020 at 2:01am PDT A post shared by disha patani (paatni) (@dishapatani) on Mar 24, 2020 at 2:01am PDT Besides spending time with Eban, Krishna is also glad to enjoy the company of her brother more than usual. She said, I dont see him as much as I used to before he joined films. Now, were bonding more, having dinner together every day. We hadnt done that in a while. At night, we play board games. Krishna and Eban had returned from Mizoram ahead of a nationwide lockdown. She recently opened up about her relationship in an interview to Spotboye and said, He is very attractive, really my type. Over time it became much stronger because I started getting to know him. We shared so much of the same interests. We are so comfortable with each other and have so much in common. Also read: Aishwarya Rai felt bizarre post engagement with Abhishek Bachchan, he calls her a football hooligan Meanwhile, Jackie Shroff is stuck at his farm between Mumbai and Pune and is focusing all his attention to his huge garden. The actor is a plant lover and encourages his fans to plant more trees and save gardens. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 21, 2020 10:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/paan-ki-dukaan-would-ve-managed-with-grace-indigo-promoters-spat-out-in-open/story-XyFOAD5mKEdelV6LQrixZP.html</url>
<title>Paan ki dukaan managed better: IndiGo promoters spat out in open</title>
<body >Differences between the promoters of the countrys largest airline IndiGo came into public on Tuesday with Rakesh Gangwal alleging serious governance lapses by co-founder Rahul Bhatia who had earlier termed his demands as unreasonable. With the issues brewing for nearly a year, Gangwal has sought markets regulator Sebis intervention to address the problems. In a filing to the stock exchanges, InterGlobe Aviation, the parent form of IndiGo, said its board of directors has received a letter from Gangwal and Sebi has also sought a response on the letter. The markets regulator has been probing the matter since reports surfaced about differences between the promoters in May, sources said. Sebi has in the meantime asked the company to give its response to this letter by July 19, 2019, with which the company will comply, the filing said. Alleging that the company has started veering off from the core principles and values of governance, Gangwal has said that even a paan ki dukaan (betel shop) would have managed matters with more grace. Flagging concerns about certain questionable Related Party Transactions (RPTs), Gangwal said the shareholders agreement provides his long-time friend Bhatia unusual controlling rights over IndiGo. Beyond just questionable Related Party Transactions, various fundamental governance norms and laws are not being adhered to and this is inevitably going to lead to unfortunate outcomes, unless effective measures are taken today, the letter said. Gangwal and his affiliates have around 37 per cent stake in InterGlobe Aviation while Bhatia and his affiliates (IGE Group) have about 38 per cent. After Gangwal wrote to the board seeking an extraordinary general meeting, Bhatia, on June 12, opposed the proposal. Bhatia wrote to the board alleging that the genesis of Gangwals angst was his hurt ego and refusal of IGE Group to entertain his unreasonable demands. In the June 12 letter, Bhatia alleged that Gangwal had an hidden agenda and had made a package proposal and was not willing to discuss the RPT issue in isolation. IndiGo is the countrys largest airline with a market share of 49 per cent at the end of May. The carrier has more than 200 planes and operates around 1,400 flights daily. Already, the aviation industry is grappling with multiple headwinds, including the shuttering of once-storied Jet Airways due to cash crunch. Rooted in a deep trust built over a decade-long friendship and no desire to have any meaningful control of the company, Gangwal said he had entered into a shareholders agreement that provides Bhatia unusual controlling rights over IndiGo. The IGE Groups rights include those to appoint three out of six directors, nominate and appoint Chairman, CEO, President as well as a voting arrangement that requires Gangwal and his affiliates to vote alongside the Group on appointment of directors, as per the letter. While we arent questioning the independence of the current Chairman in his decision making, we are questioning the designation of such an individual as independent. The process of appointing an Independent Chairman at IndiGo is the classic Hobsons choice and a sophisticated way to circumvent Sebi rules..., the letter said. In a statement on Tuesday, Gangwal said his letter lists out certain serious concerns regarding governance matters at IndiGo. We are big believers in the long-term potential of IndiGo and its business and operational model. However, we also firmly believe that IndiGo can only realise its true potential and be a world class company if it has both - a world class business and operational model as well as world class governance standards, the statement said. A copy of the letter has also been sent to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Singh Puri and Commerce Minister Piyush Goyal among others. Gangwal has been seeking an Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) to put in place reasonable procedures and safeguards with respect to related party transactions with Bhatia and his affiliates. Among the issues flagged by him are that various RPTs with the IGE Group were executed without seeking the audit committees approval and without seeking competitive bids from third parties, and non-appointment of an independent woman director. Gangwal has also sent a separate letter, including attachments and information sources, to the Sebi. The company is chaired by former Sebi chief M Damodaran. Apart from Gangwal, Bhatia and his wife Rohini Bhatia, former World Bank executive Anupam Khanna and chartered accountant Anil Parashar are board members. IndiGo went for initial public offer in 2015. </body>
<date >Updated: Jul 10, 2019 10:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/study-abroad-why-lithuania-slovakia-qatar-are-emerging-as-hotspots/story-oifyMR3daHzynEuwtagbeM.html</url>
<title>Study abroad: Why Lithuania, Slovakia, Qatar are emerging as hotspots</title>
<body >This years QS World University Rankings and Times Higher Education rankings featured several universities from unlikely countries. Romania, Armenia, Croatia, Slovakia, Lithuania, Hungary and Qatar all had institutions that placed in the top 1,000. The University of Split and the University of Zagreb in Croatia, Central European University in Hungary and Qatar University are ranked in top 1000 in Times Higher Education (THE) rankings this year. These universities are partnering with older more established counterparts from the US, the UK, Australia, Canada to offer world-class education and also niche courses in medicine, metallurgy, economics and engineering. Theyre also welcoming more international students with more wide ranging degrees. We assess the universities on their teaching environment, research environment, citations (research influence), and international outlook, says Phil Baty, World University ranking editor at Times Higher Education. These universities are ranked high this year because they are consistently producing research papers, catering to more international students and have a good teacher: student ratio. Should they be on your list of possible destinations when you make your study-abroad plans? Experts and students offer some insights. GLOBAL REACH Richa Gokhale, 19, secured admission into Armenian State University of Economics (ASUE) to get her Bachelors of Economics for this year. She aims to specialise in food commodity research and quality expertise. The course has scope in India, I can work with Nestle India, for instance, after graduation, says Gokhale. The tuition is much lower compared to the US and UK. There was also less paperwork required for admission, and the visa process was smooth. Gokhale says that one of her reasons for choosing Armenia was that the university has international faculty and tie-ups with universities in Canada, Australia and the US. We are seeing more students, especially from tier-2 and tier-3 cities inquiring about Eastern European countries, says Bakhtawar Krishnan, education counsellor and managing director, Inspirus Education, a study abroad consultancy. This is because of the cost of education is lower than the West. Also most of these countries allow students to travel for free within their borders and have marketed their courses well through education fairs and counselling sessions. Shashank Tiwari, 17, a science student from Ranchi is planning to go to Qatar University to study engineering next year. The universitys website and social media handles are very active, they answer all our questions, there are details about all the research work that is going on in the fields of aeronautical and mechanical engineering on the website, says Tiwari. The biggest plus is that the tuition is low and the university provides us with global exposure. FURTHER AFIELD Karan Gupta, education consultant and founder of Karan Gupta Consulting says the low fees are only part of the allure. Some students, who do not get admission into MBBS and medicine courses in India, go to study in Croatia or Hungary, he says. You just need to make sure that the course is recognised by the Medical Council of India. And these countries are keenly looking at what students want when they study abroad. The government of Slovakia offers several scholarships for students from Asia and the Middle East. Economics is a popular course choice for students choosing to study in Slovakia, says Gupta. And in Lithuania, you can get scholarships for and take up integrated study programmes that combine bachelors degrees, masters degrees and PhD. These programmes are popular in the fields of law and medicine. Baty says that universities in Croatia offer degrees in chemical engineering, social sciences, health sciences, forensics, and kinesiology (the study of the mechanics of body movements). You can apply for public life scholarships here, it means that you can work for community development initiatives taken by the university to waive your tuition. Eastern Europe offers a good mix of public and private universities. The cost of living is lower, people are mostly bilingual and tolerant, says Gupta. Plus, its beautiful. There are lush green forests, rivers and mountains, so a popular choice for the Instagram generation. Qatar University attracts students who want to make a career in the fields of energy, environment, population and sustainability. There are 45 bachelors degrees, 25 masters degrees and various diplomas on offer at the university, says Nainika Ajani, manager of Early Advising at The Red Pen, an education consulting firm. The university also offers the first-ever PhD programme in Gulf Studies. Through this programme, you can learn about and help solve issues in the region. The courses are taught in both Arabic and English so sure the course you apply for is in the English language. The universities in Eastern Europe and Qatar are working on increasing diversity on campuses by making policies favourable for international students. But you need to be mindful of what you are getting into. Language can become a major problem when staying in an Eastern European country, for instance, so learn the language of the country you are going to, says Krishnan. The weather is also an issue for students who come from tropical countries. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 28, 2019 12:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/new-scheme-kicks-off-gives-indian-students-a-chance-to-work-in-labs-abroad/story-zvFZW7SldZYTJtOgv7WxmL.html</url>
<title>New scheme kicks off, gives Indian students a chance to work in labs abroad</title>
<body >Collaborative research projects between Indian institutions and universities abroad are now getting funds from the government, allowing research students from here to work in world-class labs at the top universities. This month, the union ministry of human resource development (MHRD) sanctioned grants amounting to a total of Rs 418 crore, for 600 joint research proposals between Indian institutions and universities abroad. The grants have been sanctioned under SPARC or the Scheme for Promotion of Academic Research Collaboration, launched in October last year. Only joint research projects submitted by an Indian Institution / University with the participation of a foreign university, in the fields of science or technology or social science / humanities, clearly stating the problem to be addressed were eligible for the funding. Each of the approved projects is a two-year study. Among the 600 approved are projects on the standardisation of seed testing procedures and storability for medicinal plants by Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University in association with Massey University in New Zealand; thermal food processing optimisation by Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati and North Carolina State University in the US, and enabling smart and safe cities through internet of things technologies by Vellore Institute of Technology in collaboration with Deakin University, Australia. Under the scheme, faculty and researchers from the partner universities will visit the Indian institutes, conduct workshops for students here, help develop niche courses related to the subject of research, bring out journals, demonstrable technologies or action research outcomes and products, says Shyam Kumar Masakapalli, assistant professor at the School of Basic Sciences at IIT-Mandi. Masakapallis project to study the cross-talk between plants and microbes won a grant of Rs 46 lakh under SPARC. Two of our PhD students will get to visit our partner, the University of Oxford, for at least two months and work in their laboratories. We couldnt have asked for better exposure, he says. Universities and institutes could submit any number of projects and partner with any university that is in the top 500 of the QS World University Rankings or the top 200 of the QS World University Rankings by subject. IIT- Bhubaneswar, for instance, is working on 11 projects with 8 foreign universities under the scheme. It has received grants amounting to a total of Rs 6.18 crore. WHY SPARC? Earlier, there was no formal government programme to support research collaborations between Indian students and foreign institutes, with a focus on what have been called socially relevant areas. These include advanced electronics and communication, structural genomics and evolutionary biology, artificial intelligence and cognitive science, digital humanities, infectious disease and clinical research. In addition to boosting research and broadening horizons for Indian students, the scheme aims to enhance the visibility of Indian and its scientists in areas of highly competitive cutting-edge science. We are collaborating with Tianjin University in China for a project on cost-effective, modified microbial bio-plastics, says Arun Alagarsamy, head of the Department of Microbiology at Alagappa University, Karaikudi. The project has received a grant of Rs 57 lakh. We chose Tianjin University because it has the technology required to make blended biodegradable plastic. We do not have laboratories equipped to produce it here, the partnership will help us upgrade our labs and produce good substitutes for petroleum-derived plastic. PhD students and MSc students from the fields will be assisting in the SPARC projects. It will give us a chance to work in world-class laboratories in universities abroad, says Poonam Sharma, 26, a PhD student at IIT-Mandi. I will be going to Oxford for six months next year for my project to study the cross-talk between plants and microbes. Until a few months ago, I could never have dreamed of this. After this, I can dream even bigger. </body>
<date >Updated: May 01, 2019 14:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/eid-2020-amitabh-bachchan-shekhar-kapur-hina-khan-share-wishes-for-fans/story-29JWVBdh9VYH3gUVP2ZXFP.html</url>
<title>Eid 2020: Amitabh Bachchan, Shekhar Kapur, Hina Khan share wishes for fans</title>
<body >Bollywood stars and TV  actors have begun wishing their fans on Eid, even as India is set to celebrate the festival on Monday. Amitabh Bachchan led the brigade of celebrities. Amitabh Bachchan posted his own picture on Sunday morning with the text Eid Mubarak. He can be seen clad in a white kurta and matching shawl. He wrote alongside the image, Eid Mubarak to all and the prayers on this auspicious day for peace .. for harmony .. for good health .. for friendship and love .. for ever .. bring us together in peace and love and in the continuity of brotherhood sisterhood and family .. be ONE .. be in ONE .  He also wrote on his blog, .. and the blessings for EiD .. Eid Mubarak to all and the prayers on this auspicious day for all .. for peace .. for harmony .. for good health .. for friendship and love .. for ever .. View this post on Instagram           Eid Mubarak to all and the prayers on this auspicious day for peace .. for harmony .. for good health .. for friendship and love .. for ever .. bring us together in peace and love and in the continuity of brotherhood sisterhood and family .. be ONE .. be in ONE .. A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 23, 2020 at 10:38pm PDT Eid Mubarak to all and the prayers on this auspicious day for peace .. for harmony .. for good health .. for friendship and love .. for ever .. bring us together in peace and love and in the continuity of brotherhood sisterhood and family .. be ONE .. be in ONE .. A post shared by  Amitabh Bachchan (@amitabhbachchan) on May 23, 2020 at 10:38pm PDT TV star Hina Khan also took to Instagram to wish on Eid as she observed the last sehri of Ramazan this year. She also advised everyone to stay at home and celebrate inside the safety of homes. Anupam Kher also tweeted, Wishing you all #HappyEid !! Love, Peace and Happiness always!! Wishing you all #HappyEid !! Love, Peace and Happiness always!! pic.twitter.com/KfVl4692jC Anupam Kher (@AnupamPKher) May 24, 2020 Wishing you all #HappyEid !! Love, Peace and Happiness always!! pic.twitter.com/KfVl4692jC Filmmaker Shekhar Kapur posted an image from the  picturesque hills with a rainbow and wrote, Eid Mubarak .. Also read: Hrithik Roshan impressed with innovative fan art that shows his transformation from Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai to War. WatchEid Mubarak ..  pic.twitter.com/GvVHiarhM8 Shekhar Kapur (@shekharkapur) May 24, 2020 Eid Mubarak ..  pic.twitter.com/GvVHiarhM8 Mallika Sherawat took to Twitter  and hared her wishes, Wishing a blissful  peaceful #EidUlFitr to everyone #EidMubarak #EidUlFitr. Wishing a blissful  peaceful #EidUlFitr to everyone #EidMubarak #EidUlFitr Mallika Sherawat (@mallikasherawat) May 24, 2020 Wishing a blissful  peaceful #EidUlFitr to everyone #EidMubarak #EidUlFitr Diljit Dosanjh wrote on Twitter, Mubarak Ji EID Mubarak Sabko. Mubarak Ji EID Mubarak Sabko  https://t.co/g6VWkTg5l9 DILJIT DOSANJH (@diljitdosanjh) May 24, 2020 Mubarak Ji EID Mubarak Sabko  https://t.co/g6VWkTg5l9 View this post on Instagram           Eid Mubarak to everyone...May the doors of happiness and prosperity be open upon you #eidulfitr2020 #love #grace #positivity #dutts #beautifullife #thankyougod A post shared by  Maanayata Dutt (@maanayata) on May 24, 2020 at 3:25am PDT Eid Mubarak to everyone...May the doors of happiness and prosperity be open upon you #eidulfitr2020 #love #grace #positivity #dutts #beautifullife #thankyougod A post shared by  Maanayata Dutt (@maanayata) on May 24, 2020 at 3:25am PDT Eid is being celebrated on Sunday across the Middle eastern countries while India celebrates the festival on Monday. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 17:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ram-charan-and-venkatesh-daggubati-nail-munna-badnaam-hua-hook-step-with-salman-khan-see-pics-and-videos/story-jQ6hXXdFpSBXwkeKHuVtMK.html</url>
<title>Ram Charan and Venkatesh Daggubati nail Munna Badnaam Hua hook step with Salman Khan. See pics and videos</title>
<body >Tollywood stars Ram Charan and Venkatesh Daggubati joined Salman Khan on stage at a promotional event for Dabangg 3 in Hyderabad. Pictures and videos of the trio dancing and recreating the now-famous belt hook step of Munna Badnaam Hua are taking social media by storm. Ram also shared pictures of their impromptu performance and wished the team of Dabangg 3 all the best for its release. All the best to @beingsalmankhan Bhai, @prabhudevaofficial garu, my brother @kichchasudeepa, @aslisona, @saieemmanjrekar and the entire team of #dabanng3! Cant wait to watch the film, he wrote. View this post on Instagram           All the best to @beingsalmankhan Bhai, @prabhudevaofficial garu, my brother @kichchasudeepa , @aslisona , @saieemmanjrekar and the entire team of #dabanng3 ! Cant wait to watch the film. A post shared by  Ram Charan (@alwaysramcharan) on Dec 18, 2019 at 9:11pm PST All the best to @beingsalmankhan Bhai, @prabhudevaofficial garu, my brother @kichchasudeepa , @aslisona , @saieemmanjrekar and the entire team of #dabanng3 ! Cant wait to watch the film. A post shared by  Ram Charan (@alwaysramcharan) on Dec 18, 2019 at 9:11pm PST View this post on Instagram           Epic Moment Munna Badnaam Dance #SalmanKhan #RamCharan #Venkatesh have a blast at #Dabangg3 promotions in #Hyderabad today #ManavManglani A post shared by  Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on Dec 18, 2019 at 5:33am PST Epic Moment Munna Badnaam Dance #SalmanKhan #RamCharan #Venkatesh have a blast at #Dabangg3 promotions in #Hyderabad today #ManavManglani A post shared by  Manav Manglani (@manav.manglani) on Dec 18, 2019 at 5:33am PST View this post on Instagram           #Dabbang3PreReleaseEventTelugu    #ramcharan #salmankhan #kicchasudeep #venkateshdaggubati A post shared by  RC FAN PAGE (@konidela.ramcharan) on Dec 18, 2019 at 9:00am PST #Dabbang3PreReleaseEventTelugu    #ramcharan #salmankhan #kicchasudeep #venkateshdaggubati A post shared by  RC FAN PAGE (@konidela.ramcharan) on Dec 18, 2019 at 9:00am PST View this post on Instagram           Actor Ram_Charan : Thanks for Inspiring me Salman Sir ... #dabangg3 Promotion in Hyderabad Today.  Follow  @mysalmankhan.ig  . . ( Like Comment Share ) . .#ramcharan #victoryvenkatesh [ #salmankhan #biggboss13 #bb13 #katrinakaif #shahrukhkhan #amirkhan #ranbirkapoor #akshaykumar #bollywood #actress #anushkasharma #deepikapadukone #kareenakapoor #sonamkapoor #sonakshisinha #priyankachopra #jacquelinefernandez #aliabhatt #shraddhakapoor #dishapatani #kritisanon #karishmakapoor #sunnyleone #parineetichopra ] A post shared by  SALMAN KHAN FAN CLUB (@mysalmankhan.ig) on Dec 18, 2019 at 5:40am PST Actor Ram_Charan : Thanks for Inspiring me Salman Sir ... #dabangg3 Promotion in Hyderabad Today.  Follow  @mysalmankhan.ig  . . ( Like Comment Share ) . .#ramcharan #victoryvenkatesh [ #salmankhan #biggboss13 #bb13 #katrinakaif #shahrukhkhan #amirkhan #ranbirkapoor #akshaykumar #bollywood #actress #anushkasharma #deepikapadukone #kareenakapoor #sonamkapoor #sonakshisinha #priyankachopra #jacquelinefernandez #aliabhatt #shraddhakapoor #dishapatani #kritisanon #karishmakapoor #sunnyleone #parineetichopra ] A post shared by  SALMAN KHAN FAN CLUB (@mysalmankhan.ig) on Dec 18, 2019 at 5:40am PST Salman was accompanied to the event in Hyderabad by his Dabangg 3 co-stars Sonakshi Sinha, Saiee Manjrekar, Sudeep and director Prabhudeva. Recently, the team also promoted the film in Chennai. Dabangg 3 will release in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada, besides the original Hindi version. The film is a prequel to the first two instalments of the Dabangg franchise, and will trace Chulbul Pandeys journey before meeting his wife Rajjo and becoming a badass cop. Salman returns as Inspector Chulbul Pandey, the crooked policeman with a heart of gold. Debutante Saiee, daughter of veteran actor Mahesh Manjrekar, plays his love interest in the flashback portions, while Sonakshi is back as Rajjo. Also see: Preity Zinta gives Salman Khans Say It Like Chulbul challenge a twist, Sonakshi Sinha showers love Dabangg 3 promises to be bigger than the earlier films, with a grand climax. In the final scene, Salman will have a hand-to-hand combat with the villain, played by Kichcha Sudeep, and 500 of his men. From what we know, the final fight between (Salmans character) Chulbul Pandey and Balli (played by Sudeep) is the biggest action sequence in any Salman Khan movie. Apart from Salman Khans one-man army taking on a literal army, theres going to be a hundred cars blowing up too, a source told IANS. Dabangg 3 will open in cinemas on December 20. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 19, 2019 17:42 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/32-year-old-tv-actor-kills-self-no-suicide-note-found/story-bsspB2x5Hc3ICc7Eihkg8L.html</url>
<title>32-year-old TV actor kills self, no suicide note found</title>
<body >A 32-year-old television actor ended his life at his Kharghar apartment on Friday night. The police said no suicide note was found and they are investigating the reason. The actor lived at a rented apartment in Kharghar with his wife. He has acted in a Sony SAB show, Aadat se Majboor. On Friday night, his wife found his body in the bedroom. We will record his wifes statement to ascertain if he was suffering from depression or had any financial problem. We have registered an accidental death report, said Pradip Tidar, senior inspector at Kharghar police station. </body>
<date >Updated: May 16, 2020 19:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/akshaye-khanna-on-producing-films-if-i-wish-to-make-a-tanhaji-today-i-have-to-deliver-at-the-box-office/story-OXgpf7aXAI2LNhPnK5lUtI.html</url>
<title>Akshaye Khanna on producing films: If I wish to make a Tanhaji today, I have to deliver at the box office</title>
<body >Confessing he does not plan on producing films, Bollywood actor Akshaye Khanna has said he needs to first deliver at the box office before even thinking of making films on large scale. He cited the example of Ajay Devgns box office record and his latest film, box office hit Tanhaji The Unsung Warrior. Akshaye told Asian Age in an interview, Today Ajay had produced Tanhaji, which is a Rs 100 crore film. How is he being able to do it? Because his films at the box office earned that status for him, he has delivered his goodwill at the box office by giving successful films. He is taking a risk with producing the film himself too, which is even more credit to him. You have to earn it. Today, nobody will make a Tanhaji with me because the economics wont work. It may change tomorrow, but one has to be honest about it. One cannot live in a bubble. If I wish to make a Tanhaji today, I have to deliver at the box office, which plays the most important role in the success of a film. Ajays period drama also starred Saif Ali Khan and Kajol in lead roles. Also read: Abhishek Bachchan says he still looks up to Amitabh Bachchan, Jackie Shroff, see throwback pic Akshaye added, I dont know what my future will be, I dont know whats going to happen tomorrow, but as of now, I dont see myself as a producer. To be a producer you have to be a generous person, large-hearted. He has to be peoples person. A producer has to be a person who readily gives in, but my creative energies are very selfish. I am very selfish, I think about myself and I dont look at the larger picture. Asked about keeping his personal life under wraps, Akshaye had told Hindustan Times in an interview, For any person, whether from the film industry or any other field, it all depends on how much you want to keep it personal. You could be someone not famous, yet have a large number of followers on social media. You choose how much you want to post on it. Some people bare their entire life on the internet. There are politicians and actors, who like that. But there are some who dont want to do that. Akshaye was recently seen in Anupam Khers biopic film, The Accidental Prime Minister in which he played the former Prime Ministers Dr Manmohan Singhs secretary Sanjaya Baru. His last appearance was in Section 375 in which he essayed the role of a lawyer opposite Richa Chadha. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 17, 2020 08:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kartik-aaryan-shows-how-his-mum-tricked-him-into-trimming-his-beard-mummy-sahi-khel-gayi/story-Y2HWNCL1BEkS3OrJc3YzFK.html</url>
<title>Kartik Aaryan shows how his mum tricked him into trimming his beard: Mummy sahi khel gayi</title>
<body >Actor Kartik Aaryan on Saturday shared a hilarious video in which he is seen getting back to his basic look and ditching the fuzzy beard that he grew during the quarantine. The 29-year-old star put out a video on Instagram in which he got back to his subtle look in a quirky fashion by making a hilarious video featuring his mother. In the video, the Love Aaj Kal star is seen sitting in front of the camera while his mom asks him to pass her a few things and finally asks him Gadi de de. View this post on Instagram           Mummy Sahi Khel Gayi..   A post shared by  KARTIK AARYAN (@kartikaaryan) on May 16, 2020 at 4:09am PDT Mummy Sahi Khel Gayi..   A post shared by  KARTIK AARYAN (@kartikaaryan) on May 16, 2020 at 4:09am PDT After which Kartik appears to rip off his beard and hand it over to his mother, which looks like a case of a silly misunderstanding. Gadi beta, gadi, his mom says as a Kartik, who looks puzzled, stares at the camera. The Pyar Ka Punchnama star captioned the video as, Mummy Sahi Khel Gayi. The video garnered more than 9 lakh views within an hour of being posted. While scores of celebrity followers including Sunny Singh, Aparshakti Khurrana, Gajraj Rao and Sophie Choudry couldnt stop laughing and left comments on the post. Earlier, Kartik shared a close-up selfie of himself and reached out to his social media fans and sought their help to make a decision with his beard. Also read:Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhanas photo shoot with mom Gauri goes viral, Ananya Panday asks if she can borrow the top The Pati Patni Aur Woh star is currently staying at home like many other celebrities as the country is under lockdown to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. The young star, throughout the lockdown period, has made distinctive efforts through social media, be it through his monologue or rapping, to raise awareness among the people about coronavirus and the importance to stay at home. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 16, 2020 20:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/virat-kohli-reviews-anushka-sharma-s-paatal-lok-says-proud-of-my-love-for-producing-such-a-gripping-series-see-pic/story-PS6pP6wZXw2EfarCSQjFTM.html</url>
<title>Virat Kohli reviews Anushka Sharmas Paatal Lok, says Proud of my love for producing such a gripping series. See pic</title>
<body >Cricketer Virat Kohli has watched wife Anushka Sharmas latest production, Paatal Lok, and seems to be very impressed with the crime thriller. The Team India captain penned a note on Instagram for the shows cast and crew, and shared it along with a picture of himself watching the show. Virat wrote, Having watched the whole season of PAATAL LOK a while ago, I knew its a masterpiece of story telling, screenplay and tremendous acting. Now having seen how people loved it too, just confirmed how I saw the show. Proud of my love @anushkasharma for producing sucha gripping series and believing in her team along with our bhaiji @kans26 . Well done brother. The post received more than 483000 likes within a few minutes including one from Anushka herself. The actor had recently shared a glimpse of her virtual success party with her team. She shared a screenshot of the many chat windows as the team came together to talk about the positive response to the show. The show stars actors Neeraj Kabi, Jaideep Ahlawat, Gul Panag, Swastika Mukherjee and Abhishek Bannerjee. Produced by Anushkas Clean Slate Films and created by Sudip Sharma, the edge of the seat thriller show is streaming on Amazon Prime Video. Also read: Paatal Lok review: Anushka Sharmas show is Amazons black-hearted yet brave answer to Sacred Games Jaideep essays the role of Hathiram Chaudhary, a washed-out police officer in Delhi who is put on an extremely high-profile case. It is an incredible honour to be a part of a series that does not shy away from bringing out the dark side of these uncertain times, Jaideep said. Also read: Paatal Lok: Anushka Sharma, Abhishek Banerjee, Jaideep Ahlawat hold a virtual celebration amid lockdown (With IANS inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 16, 2020 12:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shah-rukh-khan-s-daughter-suhana-is-all-grace-at-cousin-s-wedding-see-pics/story-69s8fBlPlngGjxOgTifThP.html</url>
<title>Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana is all grace at cousins wedding, see pics</title>
<body >Shah Rukh Khans daughter Suhana is yet to make her Bollywood debut but the young lady is already a huge hit online for her chic fashion sense. Her latest pictures are from her cousins wedding and they are already going viral. Suhana is attending the wedding of Gauri Khans niece Alia Chhiba (daughter of Vikrant Chhiba). In some of the pictures from Alias mehendi ceremony, Suhana is grace personified in a pale green salwar kameez. Her hair is left loose and she is wearing big earrings with a simple chain around her neck. In another picture, Suhana wears a dull green but richly embroidered lehenga choli.          View this post on Instagram           Suhana Khan chilling with her friends!  * * * #SuhanaKhan #Bollywood #BollywoodStars #StarKids #ShahRukhKhan #Friends #GlamourAlert A post shared by  bollywood_khazana (@bollywood_khazana) on May 29, 2019 at 4:37pm PDT Suhana Khan chilling with her friends!  * * * #SuhanaKhan #Bollywood #BollywoodStars #StarKids #ShahRukhKhan #Friends #GlamourAlert A post shared by  bollywood_khazana (@bollywood_khazana) on May 29, 2019 at 4:37pm PDT View this post on Instagram           #suhanakhan at family wedding  . #srk #suhanakhan #suhana #salmankhan #sahrukhkhan A post shared by  Filmyzone (@filmy_zone_) on May 29, 2019 at 12:40pm PDT #suhanakhan at family wedding  . #srk #suhanakhan #suhana #salmankhan #sahrukhkhan A post shared by  Filmyzone (@filmy_zone_) on May 29, 2019 at 12:40pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Suhana Khan and Alia Chhiba #suhanakhan #aliachhiba A post shared by  Bollywood Stars Kids (@bollystarskids) on May 29, 2019 at 1:26pm PDT Suhana Khan and Alia Chhiba #suhanakhan #aliachhiba A post shared by  Bollywood Stars Kids (@bollystarskids) on May 29, 2019 at 1:26pm PDT Also read: If Alia-Ranbir and Arjun-Malaika got married on the same day, this is the wedding Katrina Kaif would attend Suhana is currently in London, completing her studies. She recently attended her friend Athenas birthday party, and in no time her pictures were trending on the internet. She looked perfectly at ease in a bold white dress. Some time ago, a video of Suhana practising dance with her friends too found its way to the internet. Suhana looked comfortable doing the tricky dance steps.          View this post on Instagram           #SuhanaKhan . . . . Follow us @movietalks.in #nikhila #manjimamohan #nikhilavimal #ramyanambeesan #anupama #keerthysuresh #mohanlal #nivinpauly #dulquersalmaan #mollywood #nivethathomas #karthikamuralidharan #niranjanaanoop #aiswaryalakshmi #aparnabalamurali #shaalinzoya #varalaxmisarathkumar #nandhanavarma #rebamonicajohn #nithyamenon #anikhasurendran #prayagamartin #anusithara #estheranil #honeyrose #saniyaayyappan #pearlymaaney #movietalks.in #rajishavijayan A post shared by  movietalks.in (@movietalks.in) on May 29, 2019 at 12:25pm PDT #SuhanaKhan . . . . Follow us @movietalks.in #nikhila #manjimamohan #nikhilavimal #ramyanambeesan #anupama #keerthysuresh #mohanlal #nivinpauly #dulquersalmaan #mollywood #nivethathomas #karthikamuralidharan #niranjanaanoop #aiswaryalakshmi #aparnabalamurali #shaalinzoya #varalaxmisarathkumar #nandhanavarma #rebamonicajohn #nithyamenon #anikhasurendran #prayagamartin #anusithara #estheranil #honeyrose #saniyaayyappan #pearlymaaney #movietalks.in #rajishavijayan A post shared by  movietalks.in (@movietalks.in) on May 29, 2019 at 12:25pm PDT Shah Rukh has been adamant that both his kids complete their education before taking the plunge into Bollywood. While Suhana is reportedly interested in taking to acting like her father, Aryan seems to have different plans. The young lad is currently studying filmmaking in the US. Speaking to Mumbai Mirror about his childrens future plans, Shah Rukh had said: Neither Aryan nor Suhana have been groomed to be actors. He had added that his daughter wants to become an actor, but she will go to an educational institute for three-four years to train in acting after finishing school. Shah Rukh had continued that Aryan wants to become a director. Gauri and I never told our kids that they have to grow up to be actors. People around would say handsome hai, tall hai, body achcha hai, but if looks were a criterion, Id never have been an actor. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 30, 2019 09:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kabir-singh-movie-review-shahid-kapoor-plays-the-fool-in-this-toxic-troubling-film/story-rBQXfpOZmcFDqRSHIlVrXM.html</url>
<title>Kabir Singh movie review: This Shahid Kapoor film is injurious to health</title>
<body >Kabir SinghDirector: Sandeep VangaCast: Shahid Kapoor, Kiara AdvaniRating: 1.5/5  There are so many shots of cigarette smoking in Kabir Singh Im surprised they didnt rope in Akshay Kumar for a supporting role, to keep reminding the films leading man to replace cigarettes with sanitary napkins. Substance abuse is, however, the least toxic thing about this misogynistic film. This is a film about a bully, an abuser of women, an alcoholic surgeon, and a foulmouthed hothead  and thats just the so-called hero. Watch Kabir Singh trailer  Director Sandeep Reddy Vanga, remaking his Telugu hit Arjun Reddy, gives us a character who nearly rapes a woman at knife-point, and later pees his pants. Incontinence is not traditionally heroic, therefore I assumed Vanga would make a cautionary tale. Instead, Kabir Singh applauds its pathetic protagonist, and ends up an obnoxious celebration of toxic masculinity. ALSO WATCH |Shahid Kapoor, Kiara Advani host special screening of Kabir Singh  Shahid Kapoor does well to play Kabir like a hand-grenade who lost his pin hours ago. Hes always seething, even on the football field, and I hoped this film would dissect the performative aggression popularised in children by sporting icons like Virat Kohli, (complete with repeated use of that unimaginative swearword that makes the curser appear like hes invoking Ben Stokes), but no such luck. Kabir mouths off to the dean, proprietorially stakes his claim on a girl he stares at, and bullies anyone in his path as he moves her into the boys hostel. Its a shame, because theres some sharpness here. Kabirs riposte to the dean is scathing but smart  Youre the dean of the college, just an employee doing his job. Im a student of this college, and this is my college  a fine line showing the characters need to wear entitlement with pride. The film looks slick, and is smartly shot by Santhana Krishnan Ravichandran, who captures obvious places in intriguing ways, like stairways and, in one memorable shot, a two-man fight on a single mattress. These good bits are overlooked, however, when Kabir slaps the heroine, saying Who knows you in college? Your identity is that youre my girl. Ugh. And this monstrosity is three hours long. Also read: The Extraordinary Journey of the Fakir movie review: The Dhanush film is all smoke and mirrors, no substance At some point, Kabir loses his girl  played simperingly by Kiara Advani, who its hard not to feel sorry for  but Vanga continues to project him as hero, turning him into a genius surgeon who operates only when drunk. Later, when confessing this during a medical negligence hearing, he does so with wounded nobility, like a man who thinks the Oath doctors take means they must act Hypocritical. Kabir gets more repulsive by the scene, but other characters thinking hes wrong doesnt help when the creators dont agree. A cautionary tale cant end with the villain getting what he wants, while Kabir Singh rewards his sins with a happy freeze-frame. The best lines come from the boys grandmother, played by Kamini Kaushal, who wisely says, Suffering is very personal. Let him suffer. If only. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 15:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/deepika-padukone-s-shuddh-desi-caption-impresses-husband-ranveer-singh-but-it-is-her-shuddh-desi-dil-comeback-we-re-in-love-with/story-eANLctfFg40BGWq3kxHkgP.html</url>
<title>Deepika Padukones shuddh desi caption impresses husband Ranveer Singh, but it is her shuddh desi dil comeback were in love with</title>
<body >After making an appearance at the recently held Grazia Millennial Awards 2019 in a striking green dress, Deepika Padukone has now impressed her husband and actor Ranveer Singh with her caption, written in Hindi, that she wrote on Instagram alongside a picture. Deepika shared a picture of herself wearing the green dress and wrote, Vishisht aakriti dharan karna (to take on a special shape) wearing @ashishstudio. Ranveer was quick to respond, Shuddh desi caption. Deepika had a better reply. She wrote: More like shuddh desi dil.         View this post on Instagram              ... wearing:@ashistudio A post shared by  Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on Jun 20, 2019 at 12:50pm PDT    ... wearing:@ashistudio A post shared by  Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on Jun 20, 2019 at 12:50pm PDT She also shared another picture of the same dress and wrote, A tad bit too late for world environment day! Deepika was awarded the Millennial of the Year 2019 at the Grazia Millennial Award 2019 that were held in Mumbai Wednesday night. View this post on Instagram           A tad bit too late for world environment day! @ashistudio A post shared by  Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on Jun 19, 2019 at 10:12am PDT A tad bit too late for world environment day! @ashistudio A post shared by  Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on Jun 19, 2019 at 10:12am PDT She recently wrapped up the shoot of Meghna Gulzars Chhapaak where she plays an acid attack survivor. The film also stars Vikrant Massey and is slated for release on January 10, 2020. She has now joined Ranveer to shoot her part in his upcoming film 83 in London. Also read: Hrithik Roshans sister Sunainas phone is off and Rangoli is scared for her, says God knows what they did to her Ranveer was last seen in the hit Gully Boy and has been working on Kabir Khans 83 for some time now. He plays Kapil Dev in the film, which is based on the unexpected victory of the Indian Cricket team in the 1983 World Cup. Deepika plays Kapils wife Romi. Later this year, Ranveer will work on Karan Johars next directorial, Takht  a film which will feature a host of stars including Janhvi Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, Kareena Kapoor, Anil Kapoor, Vicky Kaushal and Bhumi Pednekar. Takht is the story of the war of succession between Shah Jahans sons  Dara Shukoh and Aurangzeb  who were the main contenders for their fathers throne. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 21, 2019 09:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ananya-panday-calls-mom-bhavna-sister-wishes-her-on-her-birthday-see-pic/story-h2TgSB1uSCLcD64sPxyK3K.html</url>
<title>Ananya Panday calls mom Bhavna sister, wishes her on her birthday, see pic</title>
<body >Actor Ananya Panday has wished her mother Bhavna Panday on her birthday. Taking to Instagram and posting a picture with her mom, Ananya wrote: happy bday to my sister what would I do without u Mama!!! View this post on Instagram           happy bday to my "sister"  what would I do without u Mama!!!  A post shared by  Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on Jun 20, 2019 at 11:43am PDT happy bday to my "sister"  what would I do without u Mama!!!  A post shared by  Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on Jun 20, 2019 at 11:43am PDT Also read: Shahid Kapoors wife Mira Rajput, father Pankaj Kapur, step-father Rajesh Khattar attend Kabir Singh screening. See pics Ananya addressed her mother as her sister while sharing what appears to be an old picture where the two look chic. While Ananya is dressed in a short dress with stilettos, Bhavna can be seen in a pale cream midi dress. Ananya is one of the most popular faces from the next generation of Bollywood stars. She made her debut recently with Karan Johars Student of the Year 2 and the awards have already started to come her way. At the Grazia Millennial Awards 2019 in Mumbai, actor Chunky Pandays daughter walked away with the Next Gen Star of the Year award. She was seen in a black and grey flowing dress at the event. Ever since the start of promotions for her debut film, Ananya has been forthright with her answers on a number of contentious issues such as nepotism and trolling. Speaking about the latter, she told Hindustan Times, Today, we have a lot of young people, who has access to our pictures etc. They can directly see what we are up to. Also, I believe getting the youth on your side is extremely important, especially for someone like me since I am also a millennial and that age. Thats why I know that when I look up to someone, I follow them on Instagram, so that way, its [following on social media] a good thing. Ananya will next be seen in Pati Patni Aur Woh, alongside Kartik Aaryan and Bhumi Pednekar. The film is a remake of 70s classic of the same name, starring Sanjeev Kumar and Vidya Sinha. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 21, 2019 08:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-nick-jonas-leave-for-joe-jonas-sophie-turner-wedding-in-a-private-jet-see-pics/story-P7c7UGdHXLP9sXMcX4kSkO.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas leave for Joe Jonas-Sophie Turner wedding in a private jet. See pics</title>
<body >Actor Priyanka Chopra and Joe Jonas were in Paris for the pre-wedding celebrations of his brother Joe Jonas and Game of Thrones star Sophie Turner. They were recently spotted flying to South of France in a private jet for the wedding, expected to be held this Sunday. Pictures of the couple boarding the jet together have surfaced online. While Priyanka is in white striped co-ords with matching shades and glass heels, Nick is in casuals paired with a green jacket. Priyankas mother Madhu Chopra and a young girl can also be seen travelling with them.          View this post on Instagram           Family is on the way to the south of France for Joe and Sophies wedding. #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 26, 2019 at 8:58am PDT Family is on the way to the south of France for Joe and Sophies wedding. #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 26, 2019 at 8:58am PDT View this post on Instagram           Today in Paris #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 26, 2019 at 7:49am PDT Today in Paris #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 26, 2019 at 7:49am PDT View this post on Instagram           More pictures #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 26, 2019 at 12:24pm PDT More pictures #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 26, 2019 at 12:24pm PDT The couple was spotted quite a few times on lunch and dinner outings in Paris. While they were spotted twinning in black on their dinner date, they were seen twinning in green at a late night party the other day. Many other pictures of the two strolling hand-in-hand on a Paris street were also shared online. View this post on Instagram           Tonight  #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 25, 2019 at 2:18pm PDT Tonight  #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 25, 2019 at 2:18pm PDT They had earlier attended a yacht party hosted by Joe and Sophie. Pictures of Priyanka sitting on Nicks lap and Sophie on Joes nap went viral. Priyanka can be seen dancing with Nick and sipping wine in the other pics. Watch:Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas party ahead of Joe Jonas, Sophie Turners wedding Sophie and Joe had surprised their fans by getting married in a surprise ceremony last month. They are now set to marry again in a more formal setting. Also read: Article 15 box office predictions: Ayushmann Khurranas film to face stiff competition from Shahid Kapoors hit Kabir Singh On the work front, the Jonas Brothers have just released their first bilingual song, Runaway. They have been busy performing live at concerts but took a break to accommodate the wedding. Priyanka has wrapped up her Bollywood film, The Sky Is Pink and is currently working on her Hollywood project with Mindy Kaling. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 27, 2019 17:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/priyanka-chopra-nick-jonas-are-a-picture-of-romance-as-they-join-sophie-turner-joe-jonas-pre-wedding-events-see-pics-of-entire-family/story-TEntMqgV0z4ULs49MptV1J.html</url>
<title>Priyanka Chopra-Nick Jonas are a picture of romance as they join Sophie Turner-Joe Jonas pre-wedding events, see pics of entire family</title>
<body >Actor Priyanka Chopra, who is currently in France to attend the second wedding of brother-in-law Joe Jonas and Games of Thrones actor Sophie Turner, was seen enjoying herself at the wedding venue, and spending quality time with her husband Nick Jonas. Priyanka posted a stunning picture on Instagram where she strikes a romantic pose with Nick. The entire Jonas family is in Avignon region in France for the function  as pre-wedding celebrations  have begun. The ceremony is likely to take place over the weekend. The couple wore colour coordinated clothes with Priyanka looking gorgeous in a light lavender shiny ensemble and Nick donning a grey shirt and striped pants teamed with white shoes. Priyanka captioned the picture, Its in the air. Also read: Tamannaah Bhatia replaces Mouni Roy, to star opposite Nawazuddin Siddiqui in Bole Chudiyan         View this post on Instagram           Its in the air..  A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Jun 27, 2019 at 1:52pm PDT Its in the air..  A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Jun 27, 2019 at 1:52pm PDT Fresh pictures of Priyanka from the venue in south of France have also surfaced online and are going viral. Priyanka and Nick looked quite chilled out in a set of pictures where the actor wore a black dress while the American singer looked relaxed in printed blue shorts and a shirt. Watch | Priyanka-Nick spend romantic time at Joe-Sophies wedding venue View this post on Instagram           Today in France #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 5:40am PDT Today in France #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 5:40am PDT View this post on Instagram           More  #priyankachopra A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 7:56am PDT More  #priyankachopra A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 7:56am PDT Another set of pictures showed Priyanka in a white, lacy and ankle-length dress while a different set had her shining bright in silver-coloured ensemble. View this post on Instagram           Today at the venue #priyankachopra A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 12:25pm PDT Today at the venue #priyankachopra A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 12:25pm PDT View this post on Instagram           More  #priyankachopra A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 7:56am PDT More  #priyankachopra A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 7:56am PDT View this post on Instagram           More from the venue #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 7:18am PDT More from the venue #priyankachopra #nickjonas A post shared by  Priyanka-Chopra.us (@priyankacentral) on Jun 27, 2019 at 7:18am PDT The Jonas family were also spotted at Avignon. View this post on Instagram           Dani and Pri                             #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 4:17pm PDT Dani and Pri                             #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 4:17pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Joe and Sophie                             #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 9:32am PDT Joe and Sophie                             #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 9:32am PDT View this post on Instagram           Soph and Pri yesterday night                             #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 6:07am PDT Soph and Pri yesterday night                             #priyankachopra #nickjonas #joejonas #sophieturner #daniellejonas #kevinjonas #TheJSisters #JonasBrothers #jsisters #chasinghappiness #missworld A post shared by  The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 6:07am PDT Earlier, Priyanka and Nick were spotted leaving for south of France in a private jet, accompanied by the actors mom Madhu Chopra and a little girl. Sophie and Joe are expected to get married over the weekend there. Sophie and Joe had surprised the world by tying the knot in a unexpected wedding in May. The two are now set for a second, more formal wedding in south of France. While the exact date of their wedding has not been confirmed, television personality Dr Phil had commented on one of Sophies latest picture with Joe, Easy now! 1 week to go! Ha! See you at the wedding! View this post on Instagram            me  A post shared by  Sophie Turner (@sophiet) on Jun 22, 2019 at 11:46am PDT  me  A post shared by  Sophie Turner (@sophiet) on Jun 22, 2019 at 11:46am PDT </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/before-sophie-turner-and-joe-jonas-exchange-their-vows-check-out-pics-of-their-stunning-wedding-venue/story-Pcs5oISNpbU5JvKlErT30H.html</url>
<title>Before Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas exchange their vows, check out pics of their stunning wedding venue</title>
<body >Game of Thrones star Sophie Turner and singer Joe Jonas are all set to get married once again in Frances Avignon. And now, their wedding location has finally been revealed. TMZ.com reported on Friday that the couple will exchange vows at Chateau de Tourreau in the pristine and sunny Provence. The couple and their families have already reached the venue and were spotted by the paparazzi, receiving their guests at the gates. The chateau is spread across 17 acres, has a swimming pool, several gardens and hedges of jasmine flowers. It is constructed according to 18th century imperial French tastes. It has eight twin bedrooms, 12 king bedrooms and 13 full baths. Check out pics of the chateau: Joes brother Nick and sister-in-law Priyanka Chopra have already arrived in Provence for the wedding. They are joined by Joe and Nicks elder brother Kevin, his wife Danielle and their parents Kevin Sr and Denise Jonas. The wedding is rumoured to take place over the weekend. Priyanka shared a picture from the French town with Nick on Thursday. In the photo, Priyanka dons a metallic golden ensemble with a messy hairdo. On the other hand, Nick looked sleek sporting a striped grey shirt and pants. He paired his attire with white shoes. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 4:17pm PDT A post shared by The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 4:17pm PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 9:32am PDT A post shared by The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 9:32am PDT View this post on Instagram            A post shared by The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 6:07am PDT A post shared by The #JSisters NEWS  (@jsistersnews) on Jun 27, 2019 at 6:07am PDT Joe and Sophie were also seen spending time shopping and hanging out with friends. During their trip to Paris, the couple was also seen together outside the Hotel Costes after enjoying dinner with friends. Sophie and Joe had their first wedding in May, tying the knot in a surprise ceremony held at a Las Vegas chapel just hours after the Billboard Music Awards. A source previously confirmed to PEOPLE that the couple planned to have a traditional wedding ceremony in Europe over the summer, but had to get married in the States to make it legal. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 28, 2019 17:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/midway-trailer-nick-jonas-joins-ed-skrein-in-this-film-on-world-war-2-watch-here/story-xZACN0jqjLGJ59prZpGa9H.html</url>
<title>Midway trailer: Nick Jonas joins Ed Skrein in this film on World War 2. Watch here</title>
<body >Singer and songwriter Nick Jonas starrer World War II film titled Midways trailer released on Friday. The upcoming movie comes from the director of Independence Day and The Patriot, Roland Emmerich and stars Luke Evans, Darren Criss, Ed Skrein, Mandy Moore and Japanese actor Tadanobu Asano along with Jonas. Midway is based on real-life events and follows the story of the Battle of Midway, a clash between the American fleet and the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.  The power-packed trailer starts with a young girl standing and staring from a distance. After a few plates shake in the kitchen, giving the feel of an earthquake, the wife of a Navy aviator, Ann Best played by Mandy Moore, turns to find her daughter watching a wild war seen. She runs outside the house to have a look of the complete scenario herself. Also read: Malaika Arora and Arjun Kapoors New York holiday is all about chilling, check out his witty take on her neon dress. See pics Thereafter, a background voice in the trailer narrates, Pearl Harbor is the greatest intelligence failure in American history. Jonas who essayed the role of Bruno Gaido appeared in the trailer where he was on a fighter ship struggling during the war. There are shots of nerve-racking explosions and intense weather conditions at sea where the actual battle scenes are shown. The final scene of the trailer shows a soldier taking a glimpse at a monochrome photo of his wife and child inside of the fighter plane during the war. The upcoming film releasing on November 8 brings to life the heroic tales of the leaders and soldiers who used their instincts and bravery to fight against the odds. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 28, 2019 17:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/man-of-steel-star-henry-cavill-to-play-sherlock-holmes-in-enola-holmes-film-with-millie-bobby-brown/story-DeiIP8XdN010ytCZHh9MoM.html</url>
<title>Man of Steel star Henry Cavill to play Sherlock Holmes in Enola Holmes film with Millie Bobby Brown</title>
<body >Mission: Impossible - Fallout and Man of Steel star Henry Cavill is the latest actor to board the cast of Legendary Studios' film adaptation of Enola Holmes books. The actor joins Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown in the project, to be directed by Harry Bradbeer, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Author Nancy Springer has written the book series, which began with 2006's The Case of the Missing Marquess. Also read: Henry Cavill quitting Superman is nothing but an ugly negotiation tactic, and it has happened before The story is about Enola (Millie Bobby Brown), the much younger sister of Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes who turns out to be a highly capable detective in her own right. Cavill, 36, will portray Sherlock in the film, while actor Helena Bonham Carter will be playing Enola's mother. Jack Thorne has penned the script. Besides Legendary, Brown and her sister Paige Brown are producing the film through their banner PCMA Productions. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 28, 2019 17:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/rani-mukherji-s-hichki-receives-standing-ovation-at-shanghai-film-festival/story-NiECSGwmgoXQlB2Cka6SrK.html</url>
<title>Rani Mukherjis Hichki receives standing ovation at Shanghai film festival</title>
<body >Rani Mukerji-starrer Hichki received standing ovation at Shanghai International Film Festival (SIFF). The film, which starred the actor playing a woman struggling with Tourettes syndrome, was screened on day one of the festival on June 16. Director of the film, Siddharth Malhotra was present at the showcase of the movie. What an honour and an overwhelming feeling when your work gets a standing ovation from a foreign audience who simply watches a film with subtitles and gets moved to tears/laughter.Thank you Shanghai #siff2018 at the festival for this experience, from the entire team of #hichki @yrf, Malhotra tweeted. What an honour an overwhelming feeling when ur work gets a standing ovation from a foreign audience who simply watches a film with subtitles gets moved to tears/laughter.. thank u shanghai #siff2018 at the festival for this experience, from the entire team of #hichki @yrf pic.twitter.com/CnZhMAt1ul He also shared a collage of photographs from the event. Hichki was screened as part of The Belt and Road Week in China at the festival. The film, based Brad Cohens autobiography Front of the Class : How Tourette Syndrome Made Me the Teacher I Never Had, released on March 23. Hichki received mixed reviews in India and performed moderately well at the box office. Produced by Yash Raj Films, Hichki marked Rani Mukherjis comeback to the silver-screen after a four-year break. Follow @htshowbiz for more. </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 18, 2018 18:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/anushka-sharma-shares-her-happy-picture-virat-kohli-says-you-are-the-prettiest-all-the-time-my-love/story-TDsPVKOwCOCPCokth15sFK.html</url>
<title>Anushka Sharma shares her happy picture, Virat Kohli says You are the prettiest all the time my love</title>
<body >Actor Anushka Sharma is currently enjoying her time between England and Brussels as she is busy working on a photo shoot while also catching up with husband Virat Kohli, who is leading Team India in the ICC World Cup. Anushka recently took a train and shared a picture on Instagram, and among the first ones to praise the picture was Virat. Anushka shared a picture where she is seen grinning from ear to ear while travelling in a train. She captioned it, Happy girls are the prettiest - Audrey Hepburn. She can be seen standing in a crowded coach and holding a pole for support. Reacting to the picture and her smile, Virat commented to the post, You are the prettiest all the time my love.         View this post on Instagram           Happy girls are the prettiest - Audrey Hepburn  A post shared by  AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on Jun 27, 2019 at 2:37am PDT Happy girls are the prettiest - Audrey Hepburn  A post shared by  AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on Jun 27, 2019 at 2:37am PDT While stylist Anaita Shroff Adajania wrote True! in agreement with her statement, tennis star Sania Mirza called it a True story in the comments section. A few days ago, pictures of Anushka posing for fan pictures in Brussels had surfaced online. She was in a striped top and black trousers. She had also shared a picture of herself posing against the sun and captioned it, Shining.         View this post on Instagram           Shining  A post shared by  AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on Jun 22, 2019 at 12:48pm PDT Shining  A post shared by  AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on Jun 22, 2019 at 12:48pm PDT Here she is  pic.twitter.com/HiTtJK4xds Morningstar (@nenodarling) June 24, 2019 Here she is  pic.twitter.com/HiTtJK4xds Anushka is currently on a break from films after the release of her last film, Zero. The film also starred Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif but failed at the box office. Also read: Mukul Chadda talks about being a boss in The Office, says every boss has atleast one peculiar characteristic Talking about the same, Anushka had told Hindustan Times in an interview, In the past three years, I have been working in a fashion which was very hectic , and have done roles which were extremely demanding. In one calendar year to do a film like Pari, Sui Dhaaga and Zero, its not easy and takes a toll on you. All are different, and required a lot of prep. You feel you want to sit back and take a call. I think I have reached that position and security as an actor in my career, where I dont need to do things or sign films just because I have to fill up time. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 28, 2019 15:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/article-15-director-anubhav-sinha-pens-open-letter-to-karni-sena-haven-t-disrespected-brahmins-in-any-way/story-Rahs78q4ClebkkcRN1DJ7K.html</url>
<title>Article 15 director Anubhav Sinha pens open letter to Karni Sena: Havent disrespected Brahmins in any way</title>
<body >The director of upcoming film Article 15, Anubhav Sinha has reassured Hindu outfit Karni Sena that his film does not disrespect the Brahmin community. He penned a long open letter addressed to all offended from my films trailer and shared it on Twitter. Written entirely in Hindi, the letter began with a greeting for all Brahmin outfits, including the Karni Sena. He added that there could be no conversation when the outfits threaten to kill him or rape his sisters and mother. Sinha wrote that one should not judge a film from its trailer as the trailer is made by stitching together various pieces of the film. He said that a films intention is never to disrespect a society and he can vouch for that fact on behalf of all his filmmaker friends. Also read:Kabir Singh box office collection day 5: Shahid Kapoor delivers first solo Rs 100 crore hit, industry shocked In the second half of his letter, Sinha talked about accusations levelled against his film that it disrespects the Brahmin community. The film is reportedly based on the Badaun rape case and offended outfits are alleging that the culprits community has been changed from Yadavs to Mahant (Brahmins). Sinha said that he screened the film for journalists and critics on Monday in Delhi and Mumbai. He called on them to reassure the outfits that the film does not disrespect the Brahmin community. Read the full letter here: An open letter to all offended from my film's trailer #ARTICLE15 pic.twitter.com/LE8QTjpkLx Anubhav Sinha (@anubhavsinha) June 26, 2019 An open letter to all offended from my film's trailer #ARTICLE15 pic.twitter.com/LE8QTjpkLx The film received the UA certificate after five modifications by the Central Board of Film Certification. According to the official website of CBFC, the film was categorised UA- unrestricted public exhibition but with parental guidance after the makers submitted a compliance certificate from the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) and added a voice-over in Hindi in the existing disclaimer before in the beginning of the film. The board suggested a modification in a scene by removing the visual of a flag falling in fire. It replaced a sexually abusive word with another expression and also a derogatory word directed towards parents. The investigative thriller features Ayushmannn Khurrana as a cop, with Sayani Gupta, Kumud Mishra and Manoj Pahwa. It releases on June 28. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 26, 2019 19:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/tamannaah-bhatia-replaces-mouni-roy-to-star-opposite-nawazuddin-siddiqui-in-bole-chudiyan/story-VPcHHj5c2APsg6IEzWoO1I.html</url>
<title>Tamannaah Bhatia replaces Mouni Roy, to star opposite Nawazuddin Siddiqui in Bole Chudiyan</title>
<body >After Mouni Roys exit from Nawazuddin Siddiquis Bole Chudiyan last month, the makers of the film got into a quick search to look for a female lead. Now, we have come to know that Tamannaah Bhatia has been roped in to play the lead role opposite Nawazuddin. Mouni had walked out of the project after her disagreements with producer of the film Rajesh Bhatia. While the latter called her unprofessional and irresponsible for quitting the project, Mounis spokesperson had said that the actor had to let go of the film because of the discrepancies in it. Earlier, Shraddha Kapoor was also reported to star in the film opposite Nawazuddin. Also read: Priyanka, Nick leave for Joe Jonas-Sophie Turner wedding in a private jet Meanwhile, Tamannaah has already started her prep. The film that is being helmed by Nawazuddins brother Shamas Siddiqui is expected to go on floors in July. It will be a start-to-finish 45-day schedule and is slated to release next year. Tamannaah, who is excited to be a part of the film, says she is looking forward to start working on the film. Her character is also something that got Tamannaah interested. Talking about the film and her character, she adds, The script fits in beautifully with the narrative. This will be the very first time I will be attempting such a multi-layered character in a mainstream Bollywood film. What really caught my attention was the storyline of the film which is based on a prevalent issue that grips society at large even today. My character is authentic and quite contrary to what I am in reality. Its something I will be experimenting for the very first time. Nawaz said in a statement, Im so happy and satisfied with this casting and looking forward to work with Tamannaah. I feel she is the correct and the perfect choice for this role. Director Shamas Siddiqui also added, Tamannaah has that spark in her eyes and dedication which I was looking for in my heroine. Apart from Tamannaah, filmmaker Anurag Kashyap will reportedly be doing a cameo in the film. He was recently quoted as saying, Yes, I am doing the film, but thats all I know for now. I have agreed to do the film as this is the first time Nawaz has asked me to do anything and I trust him. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 28, 2019 09:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-dharmendra-broke-down-during-esha-deol-s-vidaai-mother-hema-malini-hugged-her-goodbye-watch-video/story-04htmTEn2u4wOzgjPVr1TK.html</url>
<title>When Dharmendra broke down during Esha Deols vidaai, mother Hema Malini hugged her goodbye. Watch video</title>
<body >Actor Esha Deol has shared a video of her vidaai ceremony when she bid her parents goodbye after her wedding ceremony. The actor had tied the knot with businessman Bharat Takhtani in June, 2012. The video shows Esha decked up as a bride as she stands in front of sister Ahana Deol to perform a ritual. Ahana is also seen in colourful traditional wear, holding a handmade straw plate with rice in it. Esha paused for a while and turned emotional as she geared up to leave her mothers house. She went on to give Dharmendra a tight hug and the veteran actor was inconsolable on watching her leave. He broke down and is seen wiping his tears with a handkerchief. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Esha Deol (@imeshadeol) on May 20, 2020 at 3:02am PDT A post shared by Esha Deol (@imeshadeol) on May 20, 2020 at 3:02am PDT On the other side, mother Hema Malini goes quiet as she watches the father-daughter duo getting emotional. She quietly gives her a hug. Esha then turns around to take some rice from Ahana and throws it behind her with the other family members collecting the grains. And she finally sits in the car with Bharat to go to his house. Eshas voice plays in the video as she says, I am someone who doesnt cry easily. When I see that bidai video, I cry, even today, I cried. Also read: One day Ill have a sassy, know-it-all daughter...: Mira Rajput drops a beautiful message about daughter Misha Esha and Bharat are now parents to two daughters: 2-year-old Radhya and 11-months-old Miraya. Her sister Ahana Deol had tied the knot two years after Eshas wedding. Talking about marrying her best friend, Esha had told Mumbai Mirror in an interview, I was in Jamnabai Narsee School, Bharat was studying at Learners Academy in Bandra. That was one school which had good looking boys in Bandra. We met at the inter-school competition called Cascade which was hosted by my school. I wrote my phone number on a piece of tissue and gave it to him. I had braces back then. I always say he truly loved me with braces on. He found me cute. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 16:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kangana-ranaut-on-sunaina-roshan-she-has-been-in-touch-with-me-but-i-don-t-want-to-take-advantage-of-her-family-dispute/story-XEmJnrQMYqmuZbOmtFMVcP.html</url>
<title>Kangana Ranaut on Sunaina Roshan: She has been in touch with me, but I dont want to take advantage of her family dispute</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Kangana Ranaut, who will soon launch the first trailer of Mental Hai Kya, has said she has always been friends with Hrithik Roshans sister Sunaina, adding that she does not want to take advantage of her family dispute. Recently, Kanganas sister Rangoli Chandel claimed Sunaina continues to call both of them to apologise for not supporting them during the face-off with Hrithik. Speaking with Mumbai Mirror in an interview, Kangana said, It is true that Sunaina and I were always good friends and so was her family. Now they claim differently. Yes, she has been in touch with me, but I dont want to take advantage of her family dispute. Sunaina is still a friend but I will not hit somebody when they are down. Rangoli had earlier tweeted, Everyone isnt nice to their siblings, Hrithik Roshans sister Sunaina Roshan has been calling and messaging Kangana and me only to apologise that she didnt stand up for her when Hrithik framed her as they were friends. Also read:Priyanka Chopra gives 5 life lessons as she flaunts sexy, sexy sari again: Have nothing to hide In a recent interview to Pinkvilla, Sunaina said that her family has not been supporting her and that living with her parents has been a living hell. She had also dismissed speculation that she is suffering from bipolar disorder while accepting she underwent therapy for alcohol addiction. View this post on Instagram           Kangana is in her hometown, Manali where she is cherishing some intimate time with her family. Being an avid nature lover, she here talks about how plants make our life beautiful and how important they are, for us and for Mother Earth. A post shared by  Kangana Ranaut (@team_kangana_ranaut) on Jun 13, 2019 at 2:47am PDT Kangana is in her hometown, Manali where she is cherishing some intimate time with her family. Being an avid nature lover, she here talks about how plants make our life beautiful and how important they are, for us and for Mother Earth. A post shared by  Kangana Ranaut (@team_kangana_ranaut) on Jun 13, 2019 at 2:47am PDT In the interview, Kangana also said people are ganging up against her. Asked about Manikarnika co-stars Sonu Sood and Mishti Chakravarty speaking against her, Kangana alleged that situations were manipulated to force people to speak against her. She told the tabloid, Mishti said she was asked to speak up, but who is making her speak? Its all about ganging up against me. Sonu and I share a personal trainer. Again, situations were manipulated to force people to speak against me. Some trade experts were forced to show our films collections as half of the actual numbers. All the people who pretend that they dont have PRs send the maximum number of mails against others. One smear campaign was started by Karan Johars gang against me by paying reviewers. When I talk about it, people think I sound like a loony character, but what option am I left with? Also read:Rishi Kapoor confirms he is returning to India in August, says I have recovered well and feeling fine ALSO WATCH |Cannes 2019: Kangana Ranaut stuns in a white Michael Cinco gown   Reacting to allegations that he stepped out of Manikarnika because he was not ready to work with a woman director, Sonu had earlier called the allegations ridiculous and said, The gender of the director is not the issue. Competence is. Lets not confuse the two. Ive worked with Farah Khan whos a competent woman director and Farah and I had a great professional equation and we are still best of friends. View this post on Instagram           #KanganaRanaut during the golden hour, posing next to the lotus pond at Isha Yoga Centre in Coimbatore. She can be seen in a simple attire which signifies the clarity and peace in her mind post yoga-session. A post shared by  Kangana Ranaut (@team_kangana_ranaut) on May 26, 2019 at 2:07am PDT #KanganaRanaut during the golden hour, posing next to the lotus pond at Isha Yoga Centre in Coimbatore. She can be seen in a simple attire which signifies the clarity and peace in her mind post yoga-session. A post shared by  Kangana Ranaut (@team_kangana_ranaut) on May 26, 2019 at 2:07am PDT Kangana also talked about another controversy that surrounded her directorial debut. A video showing Kangana on a wooden horse from the sets went viral amidst frequent claims by her team that she had been practising horse riding for the movie. I know who released that video. Two other actors of the nepotism gang were also learning horse-riding at the same place as me. They practised for one day and got so sore that they didnt return. I was galloping and doing all sorts of stunts. The wooden horse was only used for close-up shots. Just because they cannot ride a horse they got jealous of me and released the video. I rode a horse in Rangoon too, its not new for me, she said. Asked about her sister Rangoli Chandel and her social media presence, the actor said, I dont sit on her head and tell her what she should say. She is her own person and she has quietly observed all these industry people. Being an ostrich, keeping our eyes shut, has not helped us at all. So now she is completely at it. View this post on Instagram           "What Modi Ji stands for are very strong set of ideas, vision and strength of human ambition. It needs a headstrong nation to be in sync with future possibilities of greatness. Where we stand today, to even dream of a glorious tomorrow needs audacity. We as a nation are ready for it with Modi Ji. There's nothing more precious than it. I'm over the moon today, literally!" - Kangana Ranaut #KanganaRanaut celebrates the legendary win of @narendramodi and @BJP4India at the #LokSabhaElections2019 by spending time with her family! A post shared by  Kangana Ranaut (@team_kangana_ranaut) on May 23, 2019 at 7:28am PDT "What Modi Ji stands for are very strong set of ideas, vision and strength of human ambition. It needs a headstrong nation to be in sync with future possibilities of greatness. Where we stand today, to even dream of a glorious tomorrow needs audacity. We as a nation are ready for it with Modi Ji. There's nothing more precious than it. I'm over the moon today, literally!" - Kangana Ranaut #KanganaRanaut celebrates the legendary win of @narendramodi and @BJP4India at the #LokSabhaElections2019 by spending time with her family! A post shared by  Kangana Ranaut (@team_kangana_ranaut) on May 23, 2019 at 7:28am PDT Kangana also claimed she will never be on social media and explaining her reasons she said, There are so many problematic things in the world and Im a very conscious person, Im very aware. I dont want to be on social media and be bothered about problematic things that social media doesnt provide solutions for. I cant invest so much time on something that doesnt deal with an issue. Rangoli says that people have taken advantage of my absence on the social media. She says that though I have helped people build hospitals and gifted a Rs 2.5 crore flat to my yoga teacher, nobody knows about these things as I dont talk about it. Sometimes she makes videos of me to share online. I find it funny, but she feels its important. In my past relationships I never made videos and even that went against me... Today, everything must be proved with photos and videos. How do I become a person who records and documents everything, so no one questions me tomorrow? I cant live like that, its strange. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 05:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-poses-with-sis-karisma-and-her-kids-samaira-and-kiaan-as-she-holds-son-taimur-see-pics/story-P2dnFeUjfn3I84fFtmnZlL.html</url>
<title>Kareena Kapoor poses with sis Karisma and her kids Samaira and Kiaan as she holds son Taimur, see pics</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Kareena Kapoor Khan is currently holidaying in Europe with husband Saif Ali Khan and son Taimur Ali Khan. Her sister Karisma Kapoor has now joined them in London as she took some time away from the heat back home. After declaring on Instagram that she is off and away for some family time, Karisma shared a picture in which she can be seen posing with sister Kareena, nephew Taimur and her own kids Samaira Kapur and Kiaan Raj Kapur. Sharing the picture, she captioned it simply, #Love. Also read:Rishi Kapoor confirms he is returning to India in August, says I have recovered well and feeling fine View this post on Instagram           #love A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on Jun 14, 2019 at 10:45am PDT #love A post shared by  KK (@therealkarismakapoor) on Jun 14, 2019 at 10:45am PDT She also shared a picture in which her son Kiaan is walking alongside Taimur, holding his hand. After enjoying a holiday in Tuscany, Kareena is currently in London with her family and her team has been treating fans with her regular updates and pictures on social media. The family was first seen in Tuscany, surrounded by orange trees and sunlight while more pictures showed them wandering around town and posing for photographs. View this post on Instagram           Hello from Tuscany from the Pataudi's  A post shared by  Poonam Damania (@poonamdamania) on Jun 2, 2019 at 7:34pm PDT Hello from Tuscany from the Pataudi's  A post shared by  Poonam Damania (@poonamdamania) on Jun 2, 2019 at 7:34pm PDT View this post on Instagram           Soaking in the sun  A post shared by  Poonam Damania (@poonamdamania) on Jun 2, 2019 at 7:46pm PDT Soaking in the sun  A post shared by  Poonam Damania (@poonamdamania) on Jun 2, 2019 at 7:46pm PDT View this post on Instagram           #KareenaKapoorKhan ... Not giving up even on Holiday  A post shared by  Naina Sawhney (@nainas89) on Jun 14, 2019 at 1:53am PDT #KareenaKapoorKhan ... Not giving up even on Holiday  A post shared by  Naina Sawhney (@nainas89) on Jun 14, 2019 at 1:53am PDT WATCH | Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor leave for London with son Taimur   Kareena, Saif and Taimur reportedly plan to watch a cricket match during the ongoing World Cup 2019. Team India will next play Pakistan on Sunday. After wrapping up Akshay Kumar, Diljit Dosanjh starrer Good News, Kareena is currently working on Irrfan Khans Angrezi Medium in London. While Good News revolves around surrogacy and is directed by Raj Mehta, Angrezi Medium will focus on problems in higher educational system. Kareena will also feature in Karan Johars next directorial venture, Takht in which she will star alongwith Ranveer Singh, Alia Bhatt, Janhvi Kapoor, Bhumi Pednekar, Vicky Kaushal, among others. The film goes on floors by year end. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 04:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kuch-kuch-hota-hai-fans-can-t-keep-calm-as-archana-puran-singh-aka-miss-braganza-shares-message-for-anupam-kher-s-malhotra/story-ZldLgLwhLysvQy2ZtgscuI.html</url>
<title>Kuch Kuch Hota Hai fans cant keep calm as Archana Puran Singh aka Miss Braganza shares message for Anupam Khers Malhotra</title>
<body >Archana Puran Singh took Bollywood buffs on a nostalgia trip recently. She got into her character Miss Braganza, the stunning English professor from Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, and recorded a video message for Malhotra, the principal of St Xaviers College, played by Anupam Kher. In the video that is being widely shared online by fan clubs, Archana says, Malhotra! Tumhe kaha tha na lockdown ho jayega. Aur tum apni Miss Braganza se milne nahi aaye. Akele lockdown ho gaye ho. Bhool gaye woh din college ke (Didnt I tell you there will be a lockdown? And you did not come to see your Miss Braganza. You are in lockdown all by yourself. Have you forgotten those college days)? Malhotra, Miss Braganza is waiting for your call. Fans of Kuch Kuch Hota Hai showered love on the video. Thats truely a happy nostalgia. mam you made my heart smile. keep sharing more..you are delight in this sad times, one Instagram user wrote. No one else could match up to u for that role..Miss Braganza, another wrote, followed by a heart emoji. Though Archana and Anupam played supporting roles in Karan Johars directorial debut, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (1998), their characters received a lot of love from the audience. The film starred ShahRukhKhan, Kajol and Rani Mukerji in the lead roles. View this post on Instagram           Miss Braganza missing Mr Malhotra #archanapuransingh #funnyvideos #tiktokvideos #tiktokindia #tiktokers #tiktokfunny #laughing #memes #kuchkuchhotahai #anupamkher A post shared by  Tadka Bollywood (@tadka_bollywood_) on May 23, 2020 at 2:53am PDT Miss Braganza missing Mr Malhotra #archanapuransingh #funnyvideos #tiktokvideos #tiktokindia #tiktokers #tiktokfunny #laughing #memes #kuchkuchhotahai #anupamkher A post shared by  Tadka Bollywood (@tadka_bollywood_) on May 23, 2020 at 2:53am PDT Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya told him not to write controversial autobiography, says he thought he was being mahan Currently, Archana is in self-isolation at her Madh Island bungalow with her family, including husband Parmeet Sethi and sons Aaryamann and Ayushmaan. She has been doing her bit during the coronavirus pandemic by sponsoring ration for those unable to afford the basic necessities. Recently, she shared a post on Instagram, thanking her local ration shop owner Mohan and driver Dinesh for assisting with her efforts. Archana has also been sharing pictures and videos of her life in lockdown. In her latest Instagram post, she shared a video of her sons Aaryamann and Ayushmaan playing football with their dog. On the work front, Archana replaced Navjyot Singh Sidhu as a recurring guest on The Kapil Sharma Show. The comedy show has temporarily stopped production, as all shoots are halted right now, owing to the coronavirus-induced nationwide lockdown. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 11:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/veteran-actor-kiran-kumar-tests-positive-for-coronavirus-quarantined-there-s-no-fever-no-cough-or-breathlessness/story-QMK46dc0MPM1VkzqDt4YJO.html</url>
<title>Veteran actor Kiran Kumar tests positive for coronavirus, quarantined: Theres no fever, no cough or breathlessness</title>
<body >Veteran actor Kiran Kumar has tested positive for the coronavirus. He was diagnosed with the deadly virus on May 14 and is asymptomatic. Kiran told News18 that he went to the hospital for a minor medical procedure earlier this month and was asked to get a few tests done before, including the coronavirus test. After testing positive, he is quarantined at home. Im asymptomatic positive. I had got myself tested on May 14 and it turned out I had coronavirus. But theres no fever, no cough or any kind of breathlessness. Im absolutely fine, and have quarantined myself at home. It has been 10 days and I havent developed any symptoms, he said. Kiran joked that doing all the chores by himself reminded him of his boarding school days. He said, Im currently staying on the third floor of my residence. My family lives on the second floor. Im alone and reliving my boarding school days, putting my own bed and washing my own clothes (laughs). He will undergo a second test on either Monday (May 25) or Tuesday (May 26). Kiran has been a part of several films as well as television shows. His projects on the small screen include Miilee, Chhajje Chhajje Ka Pyar, Grihasti and Zindagi. His filmography includes Mujhse Dosti Karoge, Julie and Dhadkan. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya told him not to write controversial autobiography, says he thought he was being mahan The first Bollywood celebrity to test positive for the coronavirus was singer Kanika Kapoor, after she returned from London in March. She was discharged from the Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences in Lucknow on April 6, after getting a negative result on two consecutive tests. Producer Karim Morani and his daughters Zoa and Shaza were also diagnosed with the coronavirus. However, they have made a complete recovery now. Actor Purab Kohli also opened up about his coronavirus diagnosis in April, in an Instagram post. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 08:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/twinkle-khanna-shares-throwback-picture-with-grandmother-betty-kapadia-see-it-here/story-TWthBEyeArGei984XHitkO.html</url>
<title>Twinkle Khanna shares throwback picture with grandmother Betty Kapadia, see it here</title>
<body >Writer Twinkle Khanna has shared a throwback picture with her grandmother, Betty, who died at the age of 80 on Saturday. In the picture, Twinkle can be seen sitting next to Betty, both of them knitting a sweater. She captioned the image with a heart emoji. Several people left positive messages in the comments section. Those were the days, one person wrote. Old is gold mam, wrote another. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Twinkle Khanna (@twinklerkhanna) on Dec 4, 2019 at 1:19am PST  A post shared by  Twinkle Khanna (@twinklerkhanna) on Dec 4, 2019 at 1:19am PST Twinkle, her husband Akshay Kumar and mother Dimple Kapadia attended Bettys funeral on Sunday. Also spotted at the funeral were SunnyDeol and Rishi Kapoor. According to reports, the veteran actress' mother was admitted at Hinduja hospital in Mumbai's Khar area for almost three weeks after being diagnosed with a respiratory disorder. Akshay and Twinkle had, in October this year, celebrated Bettys 80th birthday at a resort in Shillim, Lonavala in Maharashtra. Sharing the pictures, Twinkle had written: Grandmothers 80th with family, friends and loads of laughter #ShilimDiaries. Dimples mother was married to Gujarati entrepreneur Chunnibhai Kapadia and together had four children including the 62-year-old actor, her late sister, who was also an actor, Simple Kapadia, another sister, Reem and a brother, Munna. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 04, 2019 17:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/why-don-t-you-play-along-the-ground-former-coach-greg-chappell-s-words-that-groomed-ms-dhoni-s-finishing-skills/story-Q0acZ86ZAFQA5lZbBKLtoI.html</url>
<title>Why dont you play along the ground: Former coach Greg Chappell on how he groomed MS Dhonis finishing skills</title>
<body >Who is the best finisher in modern-day cricket? On being asked this question, several current and former cricketers, coaches, and pundits come up with a similar answer - Mahendra Singh Dhoni.Dhoni, throughout his career, was tasked with taking India to victory in close games, and the former India captain did so effectively. Usually coming down to bat at no. 6, Dhoni showed his ability to stick it out in the middle, and then went for a few big ones late in the game to help his side to a win. Not only for India - he displayed similar abilities with the bat for Chennai Super Kings. Describing Dhoni as the best finisher in the game, former India coach Greg Chappell revealed the advice he gave to him when he saw him batting Also read:My problem with him..: Michael Holding reveals what makes Jaspit Bumrah injury-prone . Speaking on PlayWrite Foundation Facebook page, the former Australia cricketer said: I vividly remember that I was left awestruck when I saw him batting for the first time. He was definitely the most exciting cricketer in India at that time. He used to hit the ball from the most unusual positions. He is the most powerful batsman I have ever seen. He added:I remember his knock of 183 against Sri Lanka and how he tore them apart. It was power hitting at its very best. The next match was in Pune. I asked MS, why dont you play along the ground more instead of trying to hit every ball to the boundary. I just felt if he could take out the risk factor from his game, then he could become a much better finisher. So next game we were chasing 260 odd and were in a good position when he got in. I challenged him to not play shots in the air till we reached a winning position. I of course told him to go and win the match but threw a challenge at him.I think mid-way through the innings he asked for a change of gloves and our 12th man RP Singh went out with the gloves. He became back and told me MS is asking if he can hit the ball in the air now. I think we needed 4 runs to win teh match and he hit a huge six and left the field with his bat in the air. It was amazing, I think he went on to become the best finisher in the game. He was a great character to be with. Also read:New Zealand should have been joint winners of 2019 World Cup: Gautam Gambhir Chappell further saidI think he was a lot like Adam Gilchrist in his keeping. They didnt look natural but both had great hands. I think Dhoni did really well with his wicket-keeping as he went on. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 14, 2020 13:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/management-didn-t-like-me-yuvraj-singh-names-ipl-team-he-wanted-to-run-away-from/story-dVWKi9qwfinDRkQipk4DYM.html</url>
<title>Management didnt like me: Yuvraj Singh names IPL team he wanted to run away from</title>
<body >Yuvraj Singh was one of the biggest draws when the Indian Premier League started in 2008. Fresh from his heroics in the 2007 WT20, Yuvraj along with MS Dhoni were the two outstanding Indian players in the format and he deservingly got the icon player status for his home franchise Kings XI Punjab. Yuvraj guided the team to the semi-finals in the maiden season but things never really worked out for him there. He had to eventually move out as he went back to the auction pool. A player of his calibre attracted huge bids as he went on to play for teams like Pune Warriors India, Delhi Daredevils (now Delhi Capitals) and Royal Challengers Bangalore, but never really tasted success. He finally became an IPL champion in 2016 with Sunrisers Hyderabad, before winning the title again in his final season with Mumbai Indians. But the glory never came to him as a leader. Speaking about his stint at Kings XI Punjab on the Youtube channel Sportscreen, Yuvraj said that the franchise didnt do what he had asked them to. I wanted to run away from Kings XI Punjab ... the management didnt like me there ... they did nothing I asked them to do ... and when I left they bought all the players I had been asking them to. I love Punjab but I did not like the running of the franchise, the former India star said.  Yuvraj Singh was a star performer for India in the 2007 WT20 and the 2011 ICC World Cup. He was also part of the teams that played in the final of the 2014 ICC WT20 and the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 15, 2020 09:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-highlights-need-for-peace-and-tranquillity-on-border-with-china-following-clashes/story-a7LJyIsMOREpxXAQPCWlEL.html</url>
<title>India highlights need for peace and tranquillity on border with China following clashes</title>
<body >India on Thursday emphasised the need for peace and tranquillity along the border with China following two clashes between Indian and Chinese troops, saying such incidents occurred because of differing perceptions of the Line of Actual Control (LAC). Amy chief Gen MM Naravane said Indian troops have always upheld peace and tranquillity along the frontier, and the countrys force posture would not suffer because of the Covid-19 pandemic. Indian and Chinese border troops first clashed in eastern Ladakh near Pangong Lake on May 5 and then in north Sikkim last Saturday. Several soldiers on both sides were injured in these incidents, which marked the first major flare-up along the LAC since the 73-day standoff at Doklam in 2017. The Indian side remains committed to the objective of maintaining peace and tranquillity in the India-China border areas, external affairs ministry spokesperson Anurag Srivastava told a regular news briefing via video conference. He noted Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Xi Jinping, during their informal summits at Wuhan in 2018 and Mamallapuram in 2019, had reaffirmed both sides will continue efforts to ensure peace and tranquillity along the border. This is essential for the overall development of the bilateral relations, he said. Both the Indian army chief and the external affairs ministry spokesperson pointed out face-offs between border troops along LAC occurred because of differing perceptions of the alignment of boundaries that are not resolved. Navarane described the face-offs as temporary and short and said the two incidents resulted in minor injuries to troops following aggressive behaviour by both sides. The two sides also disengaged after dialogue and interaction at [the] local level, he said. Srivastava said such incidents could have been avoided if we had a common perception of the LAC. The two sides have established mechanisms to resolve such situations. The India-China border has largely been peaceful as a result of directions from Modi and Xi to their militaries to earnestly implement various confidence-building measuresincluding the principle of mutual and equal security, and strengthen existing institutional arrangements and information-sharing mechanisms to prevent incidents in border regions, Srivastava said. Naravane contended the two clashes were not co-related and had no connection with other global or local activities. I can say with confidence that the development of infrastructure capabilities along our northern borders is on track. Our force posture will not suffer due to the Covid pandemic. The Border Roads Organisation is continuing its work amid the Covid-19 pandemic to connect far-flung areas so that civilians in those locations are connected and to facilitate faster development, the army chief said. The face-off at Doklam, which was triggered by Chinas efforts to build a road in territory claimed by Bhutan, took India-China relations to a fresh low. It also sparked one of the worst military stand-offs since the 1962 war, and ties returned to an even keel after the first informal summit at Wuhan in 2018. Since New Delhis decision to scrap Jammu  Kashmirs special status last August, China, acting at the behest of its traditional ally Pakistan, has criticised Indias actions in Kashmir several times. China has opposed the division of the state into two union territories. These developments have affected bilateral ties. HT was the first to report on May 10 about intensifying of India-China border tensions in Sikkim, where 150 soldiers were involved in a tense standoff a day earlier. Four Indian and seven Chinese soldiers were injured at Naku La during the confrontation. Scores of soldiers from the two countries clashed in Ladakh on the night of May 5-6, as reported by HT on May 11. A few soldiers from both sides were injured in the scuffle that involved around 250 men, and a flare-up was avoided as both armies stuck to protocols to resolve the situation. </body>
<date >Updated: May 14, 2020 22:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-china-face-off-along-sikkim-border/story-uuZwwSwTzVnZREmpqP0gEJ.html</url>
<title>India, China face-off along Sikkim border, several soldiers injured</title>
<body >Scores of Indian and Chinese soldiers were involved in a tense face-off along the India-China boundary in north Sikkim on Saturday, two senior officials said on the condition of anonymity. The aggressive confrontation between the troops from the two sides happened near the Naku La sector (ahead of Muguthang), a pass at a height of more than 5,000 metres, said the first officer cited above. Several soldiers were injured in the border stand-off as they exchanged blows. Four Indian soldiers and seven Chinese troops suffered injuries during the confrontation that involved around 150 soldiers, said the second officer cited above. He said the face-off was resolved at the local level. Two officials Hindustan Times spoke to in the Army Headquarters denied knowledge of the face-off. The Naku La area was traditionally not prone to face-offs, a former top commander said. This is not the first time Indian and Chinese soldiers have exchanged blows along the border. In August 2017, Indian and Chinese soldiers threw stones at each other and also exchanged blows near Pangong Lake in Ladakh, close to the de facto border between the two countries. The clash near the Line of Actual Control (LAC) aggravated bilateral tensions as it happened at a time when the two neighbours were locked in a long stand-off in the disputed Doklam plateau close to Sikkim. The 73-day Doklam stand-off between India and China along the Sikkim border was likely to be the new normal, the Centre for Joint Warfare Studies (CENJOWS) said in 2017, making a strong case for building military capabilities. The stand-off ended with the withdrawal of troops by both armies. </body>
<date >Updated: May 10, 2020 13:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/experts-raise-concern-over-ladakh-face-off/story-aBO9AseblUMDZxWvAU5jgN.html</url>
<title>Experts raise concern over Ladakh face-off</title>
<body >The tense confrontation between Indian and Chinese forces along the disputed border in eastern Ladakh and the accompanying military build-up is vastly different from previous standoffs that plunged bilateral relations to new lows, people familiar with the ongoing scrap said on Saturday. The latest standoff along the line of actual control (LAC) is not confined to a small area, has triggered a worrying increase in troop numbers on both sides at multiple locations,  has seen higher levels of aggression (especially by the Chinese), and seems to suggest a greater design rather than adventurism by a local commander,  army officials and China watchers say. While the army has refused to reveal specifics of the standoff, Indian and Chinese soldiers are said to beeyeball-to-eyeball at  four different locations in the sensitive sector and the total number of soldiers on both sides at these flashpoints is estimated to be around 3,000. Army chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane made a low-key visit to Ladakh on Friday for a security review as tensions grew between India and China near Pangong Tso and three pockets in the Galwan Valley region where Chinese troops have pitched close to 100 tents and erected temporary structures to establish a presence. The possibility of Chinese soldiers constructing bunkers in some disputed areas cannot be ruled out, officials said. Reports have suggested that the Chinese side has deployed troops, vehicles and heavy equipment, involved in a military exercise in the area, to the Ladakh sector . Chinas state-run media has described the latest tensions as the worst since the 2017 Doklam standoff, which lasted 73 days. Soldiers on both sides are showing restraint and local commanders are meeting almost daily to de-escalate, said a senior army official on the condition of anonymity. He said the spread of the standoff to multiple locations on the LAC was a cause of concern and every development in the area was being monitored closely. What we are witnessing in eastern Ladakh is different from what we saw in Depsang (2013), Chumar (2014) and even Doklam (2017). The previous episodes were localised. This one is not. Also, it appears to have been planned at a higher level, said Lieutenant General DS Hooda (retd), who was the Northern Army commander when Indian and Chinese soldiers were caught in a tense standoff in Ladakhs Chumar sector in September 2014. The Chumar standoff began after Indian forces found that Chinese troops had deployed heavy machinery to construct a temporary road inside Indian territory. Also, Indian soldiers were eyeball-to-eyeball with Chinese troops in Ladakhs Depsang area for three weeks in April-May 2013 after Chinese troops set up tents and took up positions 19 km into Indian side of line of actual control (LAC). It is difficult to gauge the next move of the Chinese. If the statements made by the foreign ministries of the two countries are any indicator, it seems the current confrontation could carry on for a while, said a China expert. Hooda doubted that the standoff could be resolved at the local level. It will require political direction and diplomatic intervention, he said. India on Thursday rejected Chinas allegation that Indian troops initiated tensions and crossed the LAC in the Ladakh and Sikkim sectors and accused the Chinese army of hindering patrols on the Indian side. Chinas foreign ministry  first accused Indian troops of trespassing across the LAC in a statement last week, saying Beijing had to take necessary countermeasures after the Indian Army allegedly obstructed normal patrols by Chinese troops. A government spokesperson on Thursday said, Any suggestion that Indian troops had undertaken activity across the LAC in the western [Ladakh] sector or the Sikkim sector is not accurate. HT was the first to report on May 10 about tensions flaring up between India and China in north Sikkim where 150 soldiers were involved in a tense standoff a day earlier. Four Indian and seven Chinese soldiers were injured at Naku La during the confrontation. Scores of soldiers from the two countries clashed near Pangong Tso on the night of May 5-6 and several of them were injured in the scuffle that involved around 250 men. While a flare-up was avoided as both armies stuck to protocols to resolve the situation, tensions quickly spread to other parts of eastern Ladakh, including the Galwan Valley area, with both sides establishing their land claims aggressively. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 02:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/china-says-it-will-beef-up-patrols-along-border-in-doklam/story-WZD1UksXsUcqIAHAmvey7J.html</url>
<title>As Doklam standoff ends, China says it will strengthen patrols along the border</title>
<body >China will strengthen patrolling and defences in the Doklam area, the Peoples Liberation Army announced on Thursday, days after the end of a two-month standoff with India in the region near the Sikkim border. Border troops from the two countries were involved in a face-off in the region, which is under Chinas control but claimed by Bhutan, from mid-June after Indian soldiers stopped Chinese personnel from building a road over strategic security concerns. Chinas armed forces will strengthen patrolling and defence of the Donglang area to resolutely safeguard the countrys sovereign security, defence ministry spokesperson Ren Guoqing told a monthly news briefing, using the Chinese name for Doklam. The military has paid close attention to the situation and taken emergency measures to reinforce border controls since the standoff, Ren was quoted as saying by official Xinhua news agency. The Chinese military will continue to carry out its mission and responsibilities, strengthen its patrols and garrisons in the Donglang area and resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and security, he added. The standoff was resolved on Monday as Indian troops withdrew from the area and China, without clearly saying so, gave enough indications that it had halted work on a road construction project that triggered the row. India sent troops into the area in June to stop work on the road in the remote, uninhabited territory. New Delhi said at the time the road would alter the status quo and pose a serious security threat. Ren also said Chinese troops would resolutely maintain the countrys territorial sovereignty and legitimate rights, adding that the Chinese said had used military diplomacy and border contact channels to promote the resolution of the issue. Neither side has so far offered details of the terms of disengagement from the area. On Wednesday, Chinas foreign minister Wang Yi told a news briefing that India should learn its lesson from the standoff and prevent similar incidents in future. On Thursday, foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said: The Doklam issuehas been resolved. This serves the common interest of the two sides and is good for both sides and it is a basic fact. The standoff ended just ahead of a weekend summit in China of BRICS, which groups Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend the meet in Xiamen. </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 31, 2017 22:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/opinion/opinion-defence-matters-military-muscle-and-dealing-with-the-flab/story-2XRDrfywnU4drzdcKHSnXN.html</url>
<title>Opinion | Defence matters: Military muscle, and dealing with the flab</title>
<body >The announcement of redeploying 57,000 personnel for combat duties as recommended by the Shekatkar Committee  which was tasked to ensure Indias combat capabilities and potential are enhanced, with a better teeth-to-tail combat ratio, and to re-balance the overall defence expenditure in view of the escalating salary and pension bills  is said to be far-reaching. The Prime Minister had wanted the military to be agile, mobile and driven by technology. As conveyed publicly, it was to cut the flab. While the objective is laudable, and desirable, the approach may not produce any tangible results. The entities being addressed  military farms, postal services and base workshops  are all predominantly, if not entirely, manned by civilian non-combatants who cannot be assigned combat roles. The saving on their establishment costs would need to be redirected towards meeting the outsourcing costs, because such services cannot be dispensed with. Undoubtedly, the military farms would release substantial land which, having been engulfed by urbanisation, constitutes prime real estate. As to how this land will be handled and utilised is another matter. Military force structuring and budgetary allocation are centred on two yardsticks: Teeth to Tail Ratio and Revenue to Capital Expenditure. National security is ultimately a question of evaluating security threats and national interests, and deciding on capabilities to meet or secure them. Capabilities in turn mean expenditure. The first must take the shape of a Strategic Defence Review and define our military capabilities to be created and maintained. As this is over the long term, corresponding long-term budgetary commitments have also to be stated. In our context, we are unique in never having formally articulated our security concerns and how we intend to address them. The unilateral cut in the induction of Rafale fighters and putting on hold and then scaling down the raising of the mountain strike corps  both requirements originally arrived at after a decade of debate  are symptomatic of the absence of such an approach. Stephen Cohen, an authority on South East Asia and the Indian Armed Forces, sums it up in his book, Arming Without Aiming. What needs pruning Teeth to Tail Ratio is generally perceived to be the ratio of combatants to support personnel. Besides the uniformed support services, the vast manpower embedded in the defence support establishments   Defence Research and Development Organisation, Director General of Defence Estates, Director General of Quality Assurance, Ordnance Factory Board, ordnance factories, defence public sector undertakings and so on  all forming part of the defence expenditure   need to be taken into account. This tail too needs major pruning and restructuring. Interestingly, defence civilians account for 40% of the defence pension budget. The recommendations of the committee on these structures is unlikely to see implementation. In our context, the army is invariably seen as a manpower-heavy organisation fit for cutting flab and therefore defence revenue expenditure. It is not well appreciated that our security commitments, emanating primarily from unsettled borders, and the role of the army are manpower-intensive. This will only increase post-Doklam. Given the requirement of maintaining a young age profile of the forces, and consequent retirement of a large proportion between 35 and 45 years of age, one of the repeated recommendations which could affect substantial savings is inducting this manpower laterally into the central police organisations such as BSF, CRPF and SSB. This would provide trained manpower and defer the military pension commitment for 15-25 years as also cut the overall pension commitment. This forms part of the committee recommendations. In light of the cut The perceived imbalance in the other area related to revenue-vs-capital expenditure is due to our overall allotment for defence declining in real terms over the years and the corresponding expenditure on maintenance (pay, pension, fuel) progressively increasing. The defence budget this year is the lowest in GDP terms since 1962. The ratio of revenue to capital expenditure thus appears disproportionate. The Kargil operation with the army chief stating, We will fight with what we have, said it all. The decade of the 1980s saw the highest defence expenditure as a percentage of GDP. With no systematic acquisitions and replacements for the next three decades, the balloon of equipment turning obsolete and requiring substantial capital expenditure stares us in the face today. Depleting fighter strength of the air force and submarines of the navy are publically acknowledged. Shortages in ammunition and war-like stores leading to  hollowness in war wastage reserves in the armed forces are revenue expenditures adding to the perception of excessive demands for revenue expenditure. Rationalising the classification of expenditure heads would perhaps give a truer picture of defence expenditure. This committee is not the first and certainly not the last. All have recommended major structural changes and refining budgetary approach to defence spending. Needless to say, their implementation has been half-hearted and selective, if at all. Incremental tinkering is unlikely to make it agile, mobile and driven by technology. That will require political will. (The writer is a former deputy chief of integrated defence staff. Views expressed are his personal.) </body>
<date >Updated: Sep 01, 2017 11:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/pm-modi-tells-ministers-only-mea-to-talk-on-sensitive-doklam-issue-ahead-of-brics-summit-in-china-others-to-keep-mum/story-AWhu4xqLt0WWwRP2JahI4O.html</url>
<title>Only MEA to talk on sensitive Doklam issue ahead of BRICS summit: PMModi</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modi has told his ministers while Indias success in ensuring withdrawal of the Chinese troops from Doklam needs to be publicised, the job should be left to the ministry of external affairs (MEA). Other than the MEA, ministers should not speak on the sensitive subject, sources quoted Modi as saying during a cabinet meeting on Wednesday. The instructions came ahead of his visit to Xiamen in China for the ninth Brics summit from September 3 to 5. Brazil, Russia and South Africa are the other Brics members. The Prime Minister said whatever publicity has to be done, whatever statement has to be made will be done by the ministry of external affairs. Cabinet ministers should not speak out of turn should not jump the gun, a source privy to the deliberations at the cabinet meeting said. The soldiers of the two countries were locked in a standoff in the disputed Himalayan plateau for more than two months after China accused India of trespass. Both China and Bhutan claim Doklam, which borders Sikkim on Indias northeast. The decision of the two sides to disengage was hailed as a diplomatic win for New Delhi as China had put on hold the plan to build a road that triggered the row. Chinese view it as Indias withdrawal. The PM said that the government handled the Doklam issue well but at the same time, because of the sensitivity involved, he asked his cabinet colleagues not to speak anything on the issue, the source said. MEA officials made a presentation before the cabinet on the stand-off and Indias concerns. Responding to a query at a media briefing after the meeting, defence minister Arun Jaitley said, The MEA has already given its statement. Considering the sensitivity of the matter, there is no need to give multiple statements. </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 31, 2017 10:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/china-lacks-deterrence-against-external-provocations-state-media-on-doklam-row/story-znkQ0ZqD4cIBAIOdCblGOI.html</url>
<title>Beijing lacks adequate deterrence against provocations: Chinese media on Doklam</title>
<body >China needs to enhance deterrence against external provocations such as the Doklam standoff with India, the state media said on Wednesday, calling on its leadership to evolve a grand national plan to prevent external forces from harming its national security. Indicating that China needs to prove its strength in a crisis, the nationalistic Global Times  in its first official editorial since the resolution  said: This will add costs to Chinas safeguarding of its national security, so enhancing deterrence needs to be one of our grand national plans. It said that though China possesses powerful comprehensive strength, this has not been recognised by external forces. The editorial seemed to be saying that the standoff and its resolution have exposed Beijings inability to deter unexpected provocations, such as the one carried out by Indian border troops who crossed the so-called delimited Sikkim boundary to prevent the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) from constructing a road in Doklam, an area controlled by China but claimed by Bhutan  an ally of India. The tone of the usually shrill GTs editorial indicated that not everyone in China was happy with the way the 70-day standoff was resolved, despite the fact that Beijing didnt make the open commitment  of stopping the road construction  desired by India. The editorial added the customary PLA slap to its content, but put it in a roundabout way by attributing it to a few Chinese, perhaps. A few Chinese are probably not satisfied about the crisis being settled this way. They wish the Peoples Liberation Army had given Indias troops a good slap. Indians have their own regrets. China stressed its sovereignty and control over the Doklam area when the confrontation ended, and did not make the open commitment that India had hoped for, it said. The GT went on to say that India, by withdrawing its troops, has conceded to Chinas sovereignty and actual control over the Doklam area. China (on the other hand) has made it clear that its border troops will continue to patrol the area, it added. Public opinion in India is trying its utmost to prove New Delhis dignity, which China doesnt refute. The Chinese side was willing to see Indian soldiers withdraw without losing face, the editorial said in an unusual and rapid softening of tone. This was further seen from its contention that while China hit hard at India during the faceoff, we now dont want to engage in an argument with the Indian media as to which side won. In a separate article, the newspaper quoted experts as saying that the resolution has no bearing on next weeks BRICS summit. There is no connection between Modis visit and the end of the border standoff, and his visit is not a trade-off for anything, Zhang Jiadong, a Fudan University professor, said. The summit gives both sides a buffer. If India does not come, it will harm both India and China. So, both sides chose to solve the standoff through a cooperative and positive gesture, he added. The editorial said the resolution was a victory for Asia, or a win-win situation. This is perhaps (because of) the maturity of the Asian continent. US and Japanese strategists have wanted to see a long-term confrontation between China and India. While such a scenario was about to come, it did not, the GT held. Despite pressure from China, India took a rational approach. Therefore, we should encourage Indias move, which matches Chinas demeanor as a great power, it said. The editorial admitted to a new understanding of India, a factor that seemed to escape the nationalistic newspaper until Wednesday. But this incident shows that India may act beyond the logic of international relations. As the two countries deepen their understanding, they must pay more attention to avoid any misjudgments that may lead to a new crisis, it said.   -- </body>
<date >Updated: Aug 30, 2017 10:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/rajasthan-govt-took-rs-1-cr-to-send-stranded-students-from-kota-sushil-modivideo/video-o5ByIqs1org5HWMqUNMuyL.html</url>
<title>Rajasthan govt took Rs 1 cr to send stranded students from Kota: Sushil Modi</title>
<body >Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Modi said their govt gave Rs 1 crore to Rajasthan government over travel arrangement for migrants. Students in Kota were stuck after lockdown was imposed in view of Covid-19.Bihar government gave Rs 1 crore to Rajasthan government on different dates for 17 trains, Modi said. Earlier, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar had refused to bring back migrants via buses. Nitish had said Bihar government would adhere to Centres guidelines over lockdown. Watch the video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/haryana-govt-imposes-rs-500-fine-on-spitting-in-public-not-wearing-masksvideo/video-umiqNoTsosCeZY9lHpBW0H.html</url>
<title>Haryana govt imposes Rs 500 fine on spitting in public, not wearing masks</title>
<body >Haryana government imposed a fine of Rs 500 for spitting in public and not wearing masks. Haryanas health minister Anil Vij announced the imposition of fine. Vij clarified that doctors, SHOs are among the people with the power to impose the fine. The decision by government comes to contain Covid-19 spread. Coronavirus cases in Haryana are over 1,300 with 17 deaths. Over 460 people have recovered in the state fro m Covid-19. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/brand-post/according-to-niine-eliminating-import-duties-will-accelerate-menstrual-health-improvement-in-india/story-oTeWk7lnusT5QF32Ezj3wO.html</url>
<title>According to Niine, eliminating import duties will accelerate menstrual health improvement in India</title>
<body >Gurgaon, Haryana, India - Business Wire India: We have seen the Government taking a very supportive and progressive stand on improving menstrual health and awareness in India. A very strong PR campaign by the Government, making sanitary napkins GST free, and sustaining a free sanitary pads distribution for school girls clearly show the level of investment and importance being given, for improvement of feminine health and hygiene in the country. Making the category GST free was a big step in supporting women consumers, and in helping keep the prices affordable. A few roadblocks still remain in ensuring affordable supply of #makeinindia sanitary napkins in India. There are import duties on all raw materials that go into making quality sanitary napkins. Most of these materials are not available in India, and hence we are reliant on imports. These raw materials attract import duties of up to 10%, followed by IGST , which all add to the cost of the product, doing away with these, will further help in managing the cost of a quality product; and help us make the offering more affordable to women in our country, said Amar Tulsiyan, Founder and Chairman Niine Sanitary Napkins. Companies are also dependent on imports of machineries for manufacturing of sanitary napkins, which also attract significant import duties. Sanitary napkins market has so far been dominated by multinational companies and imported sanitary napkins, with the last few years seeing Indian manufacturers also entering the space. Niine sanitary napkins entered this space two years back, and was the first brand to address safe disposal of menstrual hygiene with biodegradable disposal bags with each sanitary napkin at an affordable price of Rs 28. Abolishing import duties on machinery and raw materials needed for #makeinindia, would give a stronger boost to Indian Industry too. There are numerous barriers that plague this category. Right from shame and a feeling of inadequacy in menstruating women, shying away from retailers from this category, to de-prioritization of this monthly spend from the family basket. Rs 20-40 is all it takes today to ensure safe menstrual hygiene. Freeing the category from import and other duties can help #makeinindia companies ensure more affordable products for women who are not using these sanitary napkins or shying away due to cost barriers. Any support lent to the sanitary napkins and menstrual hygiene industry goes a long way in protecting girls and women against cervical cancer, infertility and chronic infections, all easing the related medical burden on the country. Disclaimer: This content is released by Business Wire India. No HT journalist was involved in the creation of this content. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/up-board-10th-12th-results-2020-expected-by-june-30-82-of-evaluation-work-complete/story-bk0kTkdnYY2L1pPFS4Q2LP.html</url>
<title>UP Board 10th, 12th Results 2020 expected by June 30, 82% of evaluation work complete</title>
<body >Results of UP Board Class 10 and Class 12 examinations are likely to be declared by the end of June. According to UP Board officials, speaking on conditions of anonymity, 82.66% of answer sheets of UP Board exam 2020, have already been evaluated and the remaining work is expected to be over by the end of this month. Officials further informed that UP Board secretary Nina Srivastavas tenure was set to end on June 30, and so all efforts are being made to declare the results ahead of that date. The declaration of result by June 30 would also ensure commencement of the new academic session in July. Srivastava had retired on March 31 but the state government had granted an extension of three months for completion of the UP Board answersheet evaluation and declaration of the results. UP Board 2020 high school and intermediate examination commenced on February 16 and ended on March 3 and March 6 respectively. Earlier, the board had decided to declare High School and Intermediate results on April 24. According to this schedule, the Board would have got around six weeks time for evaluation of answer sheets and finalising the results. Finalisation of results generally requires around a months time. Due to Coronavirus lockdown, evaluation work had to be stalled two days after it started on March 16. According to the original plan, evaluation work had to be completed by March 26. Now since over 82% of answersheets have already been evaluated results are expected to be declared by June 30. Register on HTResult Portal to get UPBoard Result 2020 link after it is declared </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 16:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/never-know-what-she-is-saying-wwe-legend-triple-h-comments-on-ronda-rousey-s-criticism-of-fans/story-uMlQ6T7uWJicDH2645BhGL.html</url>
<title>Never know what she is saying: Triple H comments on Ronda Rouseys criticism of  WWE fans</title>
<body >Ronda Rouseys entry into WWE was a celebrated moment for the fans of wrestling. Rousey was a revered name in the MMA world as she captured the UFC Womens Bantamweight Championship while becoming a nationwide star. She arrived at Royal Rumble and then captured the imagination of the WWE Universe with her performance at WrestleMania 34. Then she had a fairytale run as the Raw Womens Champion which eventually ended at WrestleMania 35. Ronda has not been seen inside a WWE ring since then. Last year, Rousey acknowledged her WWE future by stating that she wanted to have a baby with her husband Travis Browne before she returned to the ring. READ | 3-time WWE world champion to have retirement ceremony next week on Raw Triple H recently spoke about Rondas future with WWE and her rant against the fans of the promotion. I think Rondas in a place in her personal life where shes figuring some things out, Triple H told TMZ Sports. But, the thing with Ronda is you never know what she is saying. Is she attacking the business really or is she attacking the business because she knows thats what will light up the fans that love the business? The Baddest Woman on the Planet made her debut on Royal Rumble 2018 and then teamed up with Kurt Angle to take on Triple H and Stephanie McMahon at WrestleMania 2018. As she laid heavy blows to The Game, the WWE Universe roared in adoration. But soon, as often happens in WWE, the fans turned on Rousey, and after her SummerSlam match against Charlotte in 2018, Rousey was booed out of the stadium. At 2019 WrestleMania, Rousey her Raw Womens Championship belt to Becky Lynch and since then, has been away from WWE. In a recent appearance on Wild Ride podcast, the former MMA athlete explains why she left WWE, and why she would never make a permanent return. What am I doing it for if Im not being able to spend my time and energy on my family, but instead spending my time and my energy on a bunch of f****** ungrateful fans that dont even appreciate me? The thing is, I love performing. I love the girls. I love being out there. But, at the end of the day, I was just like, F*** these fans, dude. My family loves me. They appreciate me. I want all of my energy to go into them. She further added: People think youre only wrestling as much as they see you on TV, but they dont realize that theres three or four other days of live shows during the week. If I looked at all the live shows, I was only home a day and a half a week. It was just not worth it for my family  No, Ill never be full time again  over 200 days a year on the road like that ever again. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/yes-bank-case-kapil-dheeraj-wadhawan-sent-to-judicial-custody-till-june-11/story-PIHVIq7VSBckjzjuWL3vOP.html</url>
<title>Yes Bank case: Kapil, Dheeraj Wadhawan sent to judicial custody till June 11</title>
<body >The special Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) court on Wednesday remanded Dewan Housing Finance Limited (DHFL) promoters Dheeraj Wadhawan and his brother Kapil to judicial custody till June 11. Earlier, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) authorities had arrested the two brothers on May 14. The judicial custody was extended till June 11 after their 14-day judicial custody ended on Wednesday. The Wadhawans, who have been arrested by ED on charges of money laundering, will be lodged in one of the jails in Mumbai, the ED authorities said. ED had initiated proceedings against the duo based on a first information report (FIR) filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on March 7 against Yes Bank co-promoter Rana Kapoor and the Wadhawans. It is alleged that between April and June 2018, Yes Bank invested Rs 3,700 crore in short-term, non-convertible debentures of DHFL and Kapoor received Rs 600 crore as kickbacks from the finance firm in the form of loan advanced to two companies -- DOIT Urban Ventures (India) Private Limited and Morgan Credits Private Limited. While Kapoors three daughters hold 100 stakes in DOIT, Morgan Credits is controlled by his wife. The Wadhawans, however, maintained that these transactions were entered into the regular course of business. They sought pre-arrest bail, claiming that there was no fraudulent misrepresentation and no wrongful loss was caused to the bank in these transactions. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cisf-unit-guarding-mazagon-dock-in-mumbai-reports-covid-19-cases/story-d9YuENWO4QOQdblqhs516L.html</url>
<title>CISF unit guarding Mazagon Dock in Mumbai reports Covid-19 cases</title>
<body >Thirteen personnel of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), deployed to guard Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (MDL), have tested positive for the Sars-Cov-2 virus that causes Covid-19. They came in contact with a person who tested positive. All the personnel in the unit were tested, which revealed that 13 were positive. There is a laid down procedure, such as tracing the contacts and those have been quarantined. All measures for treatment have been initiated, the CISF spokesperson, assistant inspector general Hemendra Singh, said. We are ensuring that there is no laxity and strict guidelines are being followed when it comes to social distancing, sanitising or wearing masks. Our headquarters has made it clear that services should not be affected, he said. The development comes at a time when Maharashtra is topping the list of states for both infections and deaths. The state has recorded more than 52,000 infections and nearly 1,700 deaths. MDL is one of the countrys leading shipbuilding yards that makes warships for the navy and offshore structures for Bombay High. It has built vessels such as advanced destroyers, missile boats and submarines. CISF is among the security forces that have faced the brunt of the Covid-19 pandemic in India. A dozen personnel posted at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport were among the first frontline staff in the country to test positive. During the initial outbreak at Mumbai airport, we were able to contain the spread after initiating measures such as testing the entire camp and isolating contacts, said Singh. CISF currently provides security cover to nuclear installations, space establishments, airports, seaports, power plants, sensitive government buildings, and heritage monuments. In Mumbai, CISF guards installations such as the international airport, Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/asi-unearths-9th-century-shiv-linga-during-restoration-of-temple-complex-in-vietnam/story-rSzk6fCRSPvejJ6PyZM4AP.html</url>
<title>ASI unearths 9th century Shiv Linga during restoration of temple complex in Vietnam</title>
<body >A Shiv Linga or representation of the Hindu deity Shiva dating back to the 9th century has been unearthed at Cham temple complex in Vietnam during restoration work by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). External affairs minister S Jaishankar announced the find on Twitter on Wednesday, saying the development underscored the civilisational connect between the two countries and was also a great cultural example of Indias development partnership. Reaffirming a civilisational connect. Monolithic sandstone Shiv Linga of 9th c CE is latest find in ongoing conservation project. Applaud @ASIGoI team for their work at Cham Temple Complex, My Son, #Vietnam. Warmly recall my visit there in 2011. Cham temple complex, part of the UNESCO world heritage site of My Son in Quang Nam province of Vietnam, was built in the 9th century AD during the reign of King Indravarman II, who was also responsible for the famous Dong Duong Buddhist monastery in the same region. A four-member team from ASI is currently engaged in the fourth season of restoration and conservation work at My Son. This years work schedule runs from January to June. Over the past three seasons, ASI has restored temples in two different groups at the complex, and the team is now working on a third group of temples. During the current restoration work at the temples, the ASI team found the Shiv Linga. It is a monolithic structure with decorative patterns of very exquisite cultural value, said an official who declined to be named. Before this, six other Shiv Lingas were found in the My Son temple complex. But the latest find is believed to be the most magnificent, the official added. French experts discovered the temple complex in a dilapidated condition in 1903-04. During excavations at that time, French archaeologists had described the presence of a Shiv Linga in the group of temples that is currently being renovated. However, due to limited excavation capabilities in those days, this Shiv Linga could not be recovered. Subsequently, political disturbances and wars in Vietnam led to destruction of the temple complex. The external affairs ministry created a new Development Partnership Division (DPA-IV) in January to coordinate and undertake culture and heritage conservation projects abroad, including identification, planning and implementation of schemes in consultation with technical agencies. The new division will also act as a repository of all such projects being undertaken by India abroad, and be instrumental in dissemination of information of projects and cooperation in culture and heritage. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 19:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/tourists-missing-kerala-s-munnar-has-elephants-strolling-the-streets/story-AryBGXYBsgQNARsCPBeKON.html</url>
<title>Tourists missing, Keralas Munnar has elephants strolling the streets</title>
<body >With a nationwide lockdown in place, the only visitors Keralas misty getaway Munnar gets these days is a herd of wild elephants. Almost every day, these pachyderms can be seen roaming on the streets like stray cattle. Local residents complain that these jumbos have vandalised shops. Humans, say locals, have not been attacked till date. Watch|Tourists missing, Keralas Munnar has elephants strolling the streets   A worried forest department has decided to depute a couple of forest wardens in the town. It is free run for jumbos in Munnar these days. Earlier they used to come to estates but now with movement of people and vehicles restricted, they enter the town easily. They raided at least five vegetable shops in the last three days, said senior journalist MJ Babu, who hails from the area. He said ideal conditions helped the jumbos to roam around freely and local residents have named some of the frequent visitors Padayappa, Kutti Komban, Ganesan, among others. Angry residents are now planning an agitation to scare away these pachyderms. With no tourists around, we are finding it difficult to piece together our lives. Raiding jumbos have made our life more miserable. What is disturbing is that their numbers are on the rise these days, said TK Shaji, a local shopkeeper. Two days ago, Youth Congress activists held a dharna in front of the forest wardens office demanding steps to chase away animals. We have deployed six forest wardens in Munnar and surrounding areas. They will track the movement of jumbos and chase them away using crackers and high-power lights, said a senior forest officer of the area. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/tennis-academies-ready-for-action-courts-sanitised/story-uwtvSmVxJHmOaXTGxYLnAP.html</url>
<title>Tennis academies ready for action, courts sanitised</title>
<body >In preparation for tennis action after lockdown, the Maharashtra state lawn tennis association (MSLTA) has taken the first step forward by issuing guidelines to players, coaches, and tennis centres across the city. The guidelines have received a positive response from tennis organisers and coaches around the city. I have read MSLTA guideline note completely and we will be definitely following all of them at our Deccan Gymkhana courts. We are just waiting for directives from the state government on when to start, I hope activities resume soon, said Ashwin Girme, secretary of the tennis department at Deccan Gymkhana club. Ankita Raina who is currently ranked 122 in singles WTA ranking, said  All guideline by each tennis associations around the world are in line with ITF guidelines as per WHO recommendations. Taking into consideration players safety, players will have to follow it strictly,in these times safety is more important than practice or training. With tennis academies closed for the last two months, owners have begun cleaning and sanitising the courts. I hope we can start after May 31, I have completed the sanitisation of the courts and all the equipments. We can maintain social distance in tennis and MSLTA guidelines are a perfect way to resume the sports, said Navnath Shete, owner of Metrocity sports and health club who has four courts in Ideal Colony, Kothrud. The coach of Bounce tennis academy, Kedar Shah is eagerly waiting to restart tennis activities. There is no date given from when we can restart tennis in MSLTA guidelines but I hope, after May 31 we can resume. We will set protocols at our academy and e-passes will be given to all the players while other visitors will need a guest pass to enter the academy. Social distancing rules will be followed strictly, added Shah. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tennis/i-am-finally-back-on-court-nadal-returns-to-training/story-GuUaKz9uEQS89j8E8GIxHK.html</url>
<title>I am finally back on court: Nadal returns to training</title>
<body >Spain tennis star Rafael Nadal is back to training following the COVID-19 forced hiatus. He has started training in Mallorca at the Rafa Nadal Academy by Movistar. On Monday, Nadal had shared a video on his social media showing the world the first footage of himself back at practice. Hello everyone, here I am, finally back on court. Happy to be back to my practices, Nadal said in the video as per the ATP Tour website. Im super happy, too, that the kids can practise again here at the Rafa Nadal Academy. They are happy, and thats the most important thing. The Spaniard had first posted an image of himself back at practice on May 22. In normal circumstances, Nadal would be in Paris, currently participating in the Roland Garros. But following the novel coronavirus outbreak, the clay-court Grand Slam is not being held as scheduled and tournament organisers are now hoping to stage the event later this year. Earlier in the month, he had said the entire 2020 season will be lost due to the coronavirus pandemic and that the players can only return to the court next year. I think 2020 is practically lost. I hope we can start up again next year, I really hope thats the case, Nadal was quoted as saying by El Pais. All professional tennis activities currently remain suspended till the end of July due to the COVID-19 pandemic which has so far claimed more than 3.5 lakh lives across the globe. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/jaipur/gehlot-orders-impact-study-of-measures-taken-to-contain-covid-19/story-s0VjRXZkznAzqpzaDUSekN.html</url>
<title>Gehlot orders impact study of measures taken to contain Covid-19</title>
<body >Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday directed officials to conduct impact study of measures taken to contain the novel coronavirus in all the districts. Chairing a review meeting, Gehlot said the study would be helpful in chalking out future action plan to handle the Covid-19 pandemic. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage Gehlot said the state government did not leave any stone unturned to control the spread of the deadly infection. He said some experts had opined that the number of cases might rise in the coming days, therefore, the level of alertness should remain the same in the state. The chief minister asked the officials to ensure food and other facilities at quarantine centres in the state. Chief Secretary D B Gupta informed that three task forces of officials had been formed for preparing action plans for departments related with MSME, agriculture and construction. The task forces will submit their reports by June 5. Additional Chief Secretary Veenu Gupta said 1,306 cases of breaking quarantine protocol had been reported so far and 604 of them were sent to institutional quarantine from home quarantine. Steps like penalties or registration of FIR was taken on 702 people. Health Minister Raghu Sharma and other senior officials were present in the meeting. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 09:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/jaipur/man-attempts-to-commit-suicide-near-rajasthan-cm-s-residence/story-ezMrcHJezw4qRwEm9OwmQP.html</url>
<title>Man attempts to commit suicide near Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlots residence</title>
<body >A man allegedly tried to commit suicide by consuming poison near Rajasthan Chief Ministers residence on Tuesday, said Assistant Commissioner of Police, Ashok Gupta. A man attempted to commit suicide by consuming poison near the resident of Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday. Police rushed him to the hospital and now he is out of danger, the police officer said. The man had left a note saying he was receiving threats. The police are investigating the matter, the ACP added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-entrepreneurs-lay-emphasis-on-tech-as-an-enabler-for-business-models/story-DCFE7kioBl0fXFnlcWY2RJ.html</url>
<title>HTLS 2019| Entrepreneurs lay emphasis on tech as an enabler for business models</title>
<body >Online food delivery platform Zomato is looking to raise up to $600 million by next month in a new funding round, the companys founder and CEO Deepinder Goyal said on Friday, adding that the firm is making efforts to achieve its mission of better food for everyone. We are going to raise $500-600 million by next month or so, Goyal said at the 17th Hindustan Times Leadership Summit. At the summit, young entrepreneurs emphasised the use of technology as an enabler for building a sustainable business model of the future and spoke about the need for founders and promoters to create value systems instead of merely focusing on boosting profits of their firms. The Zomato founder said his company, which provides one of the biggest platforms for online food delivery in the country, needs to decide whether it wants to increase its valuation or create one in the days to come. Ten years ago, you could have a purely tech-driven business with nothing else around it. But nowadays.. you have to have other things around your tech to build your business which is large and great. For us, tech is just an enabler which helps us reach our customers and gives us access to millions of people, but the business is not tech. We want to build a company which serves better food to everyone, he said. Canadian entrepreneur Brad Loiselle, who is the founder and chairman of BetterU Education Corporation, an online education platform, said technology was an enabler and not a solution. He said the bottom line was never been the focus for his company. We will make money but money has never been a driver.From a sustainability perspective, there are lots of ways to raise money. One is through government support. Another way is through business and skilling up. Our focus has not been revenue generation, but to build the proper models that make sense for this country, added Loiselle. Also present at the HT Summit was Jeremy Jauncey, who started Beautiful Destinations, a platform that is redefining travel marketing in a hyper-connected world. Started as an Instagram account in 2012, it now has over 12 million followers and has become a thriving travel community on social media. Travel is a force for good in the world. It is a universal language that connects people regardless of age, gender, income or where you come from, said Jauncey. Talking about the growth of Beautiful Destinations, which has a combination of original and user-generated content and offers services such as a creative agency, the 34-year-old entrepreneur said: There has been this enormous movement towards mobile and social that has connected people in a way that has never happened before... The business is, as a strategy, a nationbranding agency that helps governments at the state, city level to do their national brand, and move it into a space of young people, who are mobile and social, and consuming content -- to be a bridge between the individuals running the world and the group of individuals who will inherit the world. According to Zomatos Goyal, it is getting harder to raise money but good companies will still get funding. When you raise money at a billion dollar valuation, then you are expected to become $5 billion company next and for that you have to raise money again. Then you are asked to aim at $10 billion. When your competitor has raised a billion then you also need to raise some funds. It never ends and you have to take a conscious call on whether youre building to drive up the valuation or are you trying to create value for your customers, added Goyal. For BetterUs Loiselle, the challenge of raising money can be met. Generating revenue is not hard if you have the right models, he added. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 06, 2019 23:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-banking-crisis-over-take-decisions-fearlessly-pm/story-uhWvuSTu32JESqmBf7ZT5M.html</url>
<title>HTLS 2019| Banking crisis over, take decisions fearlessly:PM</title>
<body >Declaring that Indias banking sector has emerged from the crisis of the past, aided by a concerted set of government reforms, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday sent out a message to all banking employees to take genuine business decisions without fear. He announced the imminent creation of a new framework which would bring banks under a protective umbrella to enable effective decision-making.  The PM added that if a banker is afraid of taking decisions, he will be reluctant to take them. The government cannot leave him helpless. It will take responsibility. I will take responsibility. That is how the country will progress. The Prime Minister was speaking at the 17th Hindustan Times Leadership Summit (HTLS), where he delivered the inaugural address. The theme of the two-day summit is Conversations for a Better Tomorrow. HT Medias Chairperson and Editorial Director, Shobhana Bhartia, welcomed the PM and chaired the session. Also Watch | PM Modi on building a better tomorrow for India at HTLS 2019  While speaking on the set of economic reforms initiated by the government, the PM turned his focus on banking in the backdrop of troubles in the financial sector. Modi said the government showed courage in merging banks, recapitalising them to the tune of Rs 2.5 lakh crore to strengthen them, and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) has already recovered Rs 3 lakh crore. The banking situation is much better. I want to tell every bank employee that we have come out of the past situation. Now, there will be no questions about genuine business decisions. We are soon coming up with a directive to ensure that before any action is taken [against any officer], a serving banking or finance expert will scrutinise the decisions. In his speech, Modi distilled the message of the 2019 elections, which catapulted him to power for the second consecutive time, with an even bigger majority; he pro ovided the rationale of the policy initiatives and actions over the last six months; he explained both the underlying philosophy of his government; he spoke, for the first time at length, about the range of administrative reforms his government has undertaken; he emphasised on the governments special focus on aspirational districts; and he focused on reforms across spheres, which, he said, would lay the foundation for a better tomorrow. Modi said the election victory was because the government  worked with the mantra of sabka saath, sabka vikaas, sabka vishwaas. Connecting his governments recent decisions to the theme of the Summit, he said that it was focused on dealing with present challenges to build a better future. In that context, he referred to a spate of decisions taken by the government since assuming power again. The removal of Article 370 may have seemed politically difficult, but it has generated hope among people of Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh for a better tomorrow. The triple talaq decision has given a sense of a better future to lakhs of families. In a reference to the Cabinets approval to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, Modi said the pathway to citizenship opened for families who suffered in neighbouring countries and came to Ma Bharati will provide the basis for a better future. He also referred to the governments decision to regularise Delhis unauthorised colonies, which, he said, improved the future of four million families. Modi also spoke about the Supreme Courts decision in the Ayodhya case that enables the construction of a Ram temple. The peaceful resolution of the Ram Janmabhoomi issue is not just a resolution for now, but paves the way for a better future. Before the decision, there were so many apprehensions expressed. But people completely disproved these suspicions. The spirit behind it was a better tomorrow. This was because India doesnt want to be stuck in the past, but wants to head to a better future. It was because the government was focused on dealing with past problems instead of postponing them, the PM said, that he took up the challenge of developing the countrys most marginalised and backward districts. Using a newspaper analogy, the PM said governments of the past had chosen to just leave out backward districts from Indias development trajectory, which was akin to leaving the last page of the paper blank. Government ministers went least to these districts. The weakest officers were posted there. They were the farthest away from government monitoring. The last page of the development index was left blank. But his government, Modi said, is focusing on these 112 aspirational districts. To achieve the goal of a $5 trillion economy, the PM said he saw the governments role as that of an enabler, facilitator and promoter. In particular, he focused on four core areas. The first was taxation, where the PM recalled the decision to exempt those earning up to Rs 5 lakh a year from the personal tax regime. He spoke of the historic corporate tax cut, which would help in promoting investment and manufacturing. And he highlighted the e-assessment mechanism, whereby neither the tax officer would know whose file he was scrutinising nor would the citizen know which officer had his file. This will also end the industry of transfers and postings. The second economic area was the ease of doing business, where Modi said India had improved by 79 positions in five years. He said the chair of the World Bank (which does the ranking) called to congratulate him and express admiration for how a developing country of Indias size had managed to make such a big leap. The third area was labour regulations, where dozens of laws, which were decades old, had been codified into four. This would help both the employer and employee. And the final area of economic reform the PM mentioned was disinvestment. He also spoke of the creation of a special window to push stuck real estate projects, the boost to infrastructure and the potential of tourism. Finally, Modi spoke of his overarching governance philosophy. For a better future, the government should only focus on core areas of governance. The country will progress most if government intervention is the least in peoples lives. It is my conviction that the poor must not feel the absence of government, and a citizen must not feel the pressure of government. The PM said that 19th and 20th century governance mechanisms, rules and mindset were ill-equipped to deal with the challenges of the 21st century. In this context, he highlighted that the government changed rules of employment. Appointments no longer happened through recommendations but through a transparent process, for instance, in the case of banking leaders, he said. The PM also spoke of a deeper conversation on policing, and  how civil servants, right after they complete their training at the academy, are now given policy-level experience in the government of India before being posted to states and districts. To break the culture of silos in which government departments operated, Modi said the government started a joint foundation programme. At the joint secretary level, I have officers from different cadres now -- revenue, railways, audit and accounts, forests. The possibility of integration has improved. The PM added that 220 officials had also been asked to leave, which was a message that it was time to move from a culture of privilege to that of professionalism. Another additional reform the PM highlighted was the lateral entry programme, where mid-career professionals were getting an opportunity to serve in the government for a limited period. He also said that deadlines had become sacrosanct in government, and a culture of professionalism had replaced that of privilege. These improvements in the infrastructure of governance will have a long-lasting impact. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 12, 2019 20:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/concern-over-hyderabad-encounter-at-htls-2019/story-iTSFMcqaHiuIDKNd1KoO6N.html</url>
<title>Concern over Hyderabad encounter at HTLS 2019</title>
<body >At the HT Leadership Summit on Saturday, the three parliamentarians expressed concern over the police encounter of four men accused of raping and killing a 26-year-old veterinarian in Hyderabad. Senior Congress leader Manish Tewari said people support such extra-judicial killings as they are getting impatient with legal delays. But, if you allow such killings, then... there will be social sanction for mob lynching as well, he said. Trinamool Congresss Mahua Moitra said delayed justice could sometimes mean justice denied, but that should only impel us to fix the problems in the system, such as delays in the legal process. It should not become the reason for blood lust, she said. Bharatiya Janata Partys Jamyang Namgyal said parliamentarians agree that the country should be run in a lawful way. Law and order should be maintained. If a shooting happens [within the parameters of] law and order, then discussions on it should be dignified. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 07, 2019 23:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/designers-advocate-need-for-sustainability-at-htls-2019/story-s2bAiFfZY2JQ4WPF3AKp3K.html</url>
<title>Designers advocate need for sustainability at HTLS2019</title>
<body >How should fashion in the 21st century look? How can sustainability and art balance each other in one of the worlds biggest industries? And, what is the role of activism in haute couture? These were some of the questions that a panel on Fashion and Luxury  The Road Ahead comprising Nepali-American designer Prabal Gurung, Greek designer Mary Katrantzou, and Indias very own couturier Manish Malhotra explored on the second day of the 17th Hindustan Times Leadership Summit on Saturday. The three designers agreed on the strong need for sustainable fashion, a practice fast gaining ground in the $2.5 trillion global fashion industry that espouses use of environment-friendly and upcycled material and centres social realities such as climate crisis, inclusivity, body positivity and fair wages. We think of fashion as just clothes and what is on the runway but it is a lot bigger than that. It is a visual challenger to the status quo, said Gurung, who is based in New York and shot to international fame after designing clothes for Michelle Obama, Oprah Winfrey and Kate Middleton. Malhotra, who is known for several iconic Bollywood looks, agreed. He pointed out that the conversation around sustainability needed to be expanded, especially among young people, who are very conscious of both fashion and the choices available to them. But he cautioned against the possibility of sustainability becoming an empty buzz word, or a hashtag. We must speak about sustainability. It is a must and if we have to be a part of the process, we have to use our platforms to spread awareness. As designers, we must look at wastage and how to solve that issue. We need sustainability, but we also need art. Each one of us has to be conscious about these things for a better tomorrow, he said. Katrantzou, who is fresh off a fashion coup by hosting a charity fashion show at the iconic Greek Temple of Poseidon, said the industry needed to come together to think of a future. The brand values which you nurture as a company are of paramount importance. You create beauty and harmony and people are drawn to you for so many reasons  your warmth, the colours you use. What you buy is much more than the beauty it holds, she said. Gurung, who worked with Indian designer Manish Arora before moving to New York in 1999, said that the biggest issues plaguing the industry was apathy and the lack of desire to speak up against injustice. One thing fashion can really do is accelerate the conversation and amplify volumebe it womens issues or climate change, fashion is the perfect platform to carry these conversations. Everyone is interested in fashion right now. Empathy will lead to a better tomorrow, he said. Gurung, who has been called the most feminist man in fashion, also held forth on his politics and conviction, and hailed American journalist Gloria Steinem as his biggest hero. I wanted to create a luxury brand with a soul. I never set out to be a feminist. Im in business because of women and Im supported by them. When their rights are attacked, its impossible for me to keep quiet. He recalled that when he launched his eponymous label in the middle of the global recession in 2009, there were some deep-set ideas of fashion, which dictated that a woman cannot be intelligent if she liked fashion. Fashion is a thinking mans sex symbolthere is nothing more unnerving to patriarchy than a woman in full feminine glory, he said. Gurung said he believed his job as a designer was to provide options and see women in positions of power. We cant pick and choose causes any longer. It is the most exciting time to be alive.the climate crisis is the biggest crisis that is threatening the world. You see now that power lies in courage, not in experience and age. Malhotra, who is currently working on director Karan Johars magnum opus Takht, said he was enjoying the process of creating garments and despite the stress, he does not like breaks and hates Sundays. At this stage of my career, it really pushes me in my mainstream work to experiment and create something that I have not done before. Use the outfits that you have, the traditional patterns, the beautiful sarees that you have inherited and wear them, as that also is a form of sustainability, he said. Encouraging people to recontextualise their existing closet, the couturier recalled an incident when he asked a client at his store to reuse one of her old saris instead of buying something new. Emphasising the importance of creating employment for the craftsman, he spoke about the Mijwan initiative that has grown from employing 40 women to 450 women at present. They are employed and there is a sense of empowerment, he said. Katrantzou spoke about being a woman designer in a very competitive industry. As a woman entrepreneur, you have to be bold in your choices and have a unique voice... </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 07, 2019 23:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-mps-spar-on-citizenship-amendment-bill-nrc/story-Wd6xs3l4T4YqehItOHDQxK.html</url>
<title>HTLS 2019| MPs spar on citizenship  amendment bill, NRC</title>
<body >A lawmaker each from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress and the Trinamool Congress (TMC) debated the finer points of the contentious Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB) on the second day of the 17th Hindustan Leadership Summit on Saturday, days before the draft legislation is expected to be tabled in Parliament. The Union Cabinet on Wednesday cleared the draft legislation that seeks to amend the Citizenship Act of 1955 to give Indian citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians, if they entered India from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan on or before December 31, 2014. Opposition parties have called the bill divisive, saying it links citizenship to religion and therefore violates the Constitution. Manish Tewari (Congress) and Mahua Moitra (TMC) reiterated the Oppositions stand and said that the proposed law violates the Constitution in letter and spirit. Tewari, who represents Ludhiana in the Lok Sabha, said the CABis violative of constitutional provisions, including Article 15 that prohibits discrimination on the basis of religion, race, caste, sex or place of birth. He said that there was a need for a comprehensive legislation for refugees and to tackle the problem of illegal infiltration. Tewari added that India has played host to many people who have sought refuge here. Moitra maintained that brute majority can never replace constitutional morality even as the BJP looks confident of clearing the bill in Parliament. It has 303 members in the 543-member Lok Sabha. The right to refuge comes from persecution, not from religion. BJPlawmaker Jamyang Namgyal defended the bill saying that there are two types of refugees. One, who come out of compulsions, and those who try to change demography. He justified the exclusion of Muslims from the purview of the CAB, saying India is not the birthplace of Islam. We run a country, not a dharamshala, said Namgyal, the lawmaker from Ladakh. Moitra questioned Namgyals justification, saying India is not the birthplace of Christianity either. The three supported the need for having more women in Parliament and spoke about the changing relationship between Opposition and ruling BJPlawmakers. Namgyal maintained that parties give tickets keeping in mind the winnability factor, which Tewari called hogwash. Moitra pointed out that the Womens Reservation Bill may have remained pending but more than 33% of her partys MPs are women. Namgyal brushed aside Tewari and Moitras criticism and added that despite political differences, lawmakers have remained friends across party lines. He said that even Opposition parties in August supported the nullification of Constitutions Article 370 that gave Jammu and Kashmir special status. Tewari disagreed and recalled how a BJP minister, his friend for 40 years, skipped his book release programme fearing he would be dropped from the council of ministers. Moitra said that the BJP was good at exploiting grey areas in the law to force parties to toe its line. She accused the government of operating through scare and fear-mongering. They have got something pretty much on everyone... something in the grey area and this government is good at working in these areas. She added that the government has made it acceptable to say publicly what an uncle of hers with extreme views would at private dinner parties as she spoke about the growing religious divide. Tewari spoke on how the Constitution has endured over seven decades. But he added: In 2014, the people [BJP] who got elected... do not believe in the founding [secular] vision of India. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 07, 2019 23:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-congress-cms-call-for-an-environment-free-of-fear-and-insecurities/story-2pMr0DFJQ7XRBKBeE9Y9XM.html</url>
<title>Congress CMs call for an environment free of fear at HTLS</title>
<body >Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh and his Chhattisgarh counterpart, Bhupesh Baghel, both from the Congress, on Saturday opposed a pan-India National Register of Citizens (NRC) that the government has proposed to identify and deport illegal immigrants. In a freewheeling session at the 17th Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, Singh and Baghel also spoke on a range of other issues, including the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) that aims to fast-track Indian citizenship for religious minorities from Muslim-majority Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan, and the difficulties their governments confronted because of delays in compensation for a revenue shortfall from the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Baghel, who led the Congresss December 2018 comeback in Chhattisgarh after it lost three consecutive state assembly elections in the state, said that he is opposed to the NRC, and the exercise does not apply to his state. Union home minister Amit Shah said in the Rajya Sabha in November that the NRC will be created for all regions in India, expanding an exercise that was recently carried out in Assam and led to the identification of 1.9 million people who face the risk of being labelled illegal immigrants. The NRC is a problem of border states, not of all states. This is being raised to deflect attention from main issues that the people are facing, Baghel said. Singh, who led the Congress to an election victory in Punjab in the 2017 assembly elections, and ensured that the national party won eight of the 13 seats in the state during the Lok Sabha elections this year, said he found the whole issue strange and that no one could ask any person to leave the country through such a unilateral decision. You have army men who have served the country for years, and then suddenly you say they are not Indians. You cannot just ask people to leave the country and take such a unilateral decision. Im strongly opposed to this, he said. In the final NRC in Assam published on August 31, some members of the armed forces were among those excluded from the list. While some states with Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led governments, including Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh, have said that they would allow the creation of an NRC, Singh said that in Punjab, where his party has a two-thirds majority, the exercise will not take place. Remarking on the CAB, which the Union cabinet cleared last week for tabling in the Parliament, Singh said, There are many people of our state who are living or have been born abroad, and if they wish to come home, they are welcome. This is a free country. Why are we asking people [who have lived here] to leave? What if Bangladesh says that they dont want them? What will you do? Baghel said that there was an atmosphere of fear among sections of the people, which needs to be removed. There is no space for fear in Indian tradition. All sections are feeling insecure. Reporters, doctors, industrialists  which section is not afraid? I am afraid to speak out. We are told, dont talk against the government. This atmosphere of fear has to end. The media should be free to report, industrialists should be independent... When the Anna Hazare agitation against corruption broke out, every television channel reported on it live. If such an agitation were to happen today, would channels report on it?, he asked. Both chief ministers reacted to Union finance minister Nirmala Sitharamans comments at the HTSummit earlier on Saturday on the delay in compensating states for their revenue shortfall from the GST. She attributed this to a shortfall in the collection of cess charged to fund the compensation payment. According to Singh, the finance minister did not understand what states were facing. Our sources of revenue have been passed on to the GST, so it is the responsibility of the finance ministry [to pay us]. I have not received GST [compensation] since August, and I have had to borrow money to pay salaries. How can states function this way? Baghel said that in Chhattisgarh, which is more of an industry-heavy producer state, it is vital that money goes into the pockets of locals for it to reach the market and boost consumption. However, certain central policies were preventing that from happening, he added. In June 2014, the central government came out with a policy that if you give bonus to farmers then we wont buy rice from you. We are not even asking for money [from the Centre], we only want permission to pay our farmers a bonus. When the money goes into the pocket of a consumer, it comes to the market. If they do not understand this aspect of economics, they should learn from [former Prime Minister] Manmohan Singh. We have also learnt from Manmohan Singh, he said. The Congress had, in its election manifesto in Chhattisgarh, promised to give a bonus to farmers for paddy procurement. A clause in the Memorandum of Understanding signed by Chhattisgarh and the central government says that if the state government declares the bonus over and above the Minimum Support Price fixed by the Centre, the latter would limit the procurement for central pool to the extent of the requirement of rice for Targeted Public Distribution System/Other Welfare Scheme allocations of that state. The Centre informed Chhattisgarh in November that the central pool stock was already much above buffer norms. Sitharaman had said at the HT Summit that the Centre was committed to paying states the 14% compensation. We will honour compact, there is no question about it, she said. The chief ministers comments come at a time when Indias economy grew at 4.5% July-September quarter, the slowest pace since March 2013. Singh also spoke of Delhis pollution levels and  said that Punjab could not be blamed for high levels of particulate matter in the air, as there was no stubble burning taking place at the moment. While the Air Quality Index in the city was in the very poor category on Saturday, farmers of Punjab have in the past been blamed because of their practice of stubble burning to  clear their field for the next crop cycle. This has often been attributed as a cause for spiked levels of pollution in the National Capital Region, which faced several days last month when the AQI was in the severe category.  When I left Punjab, there were clear blue skies.. but in Delhi, the visibility was only 400m. Where is this smoke coming from? Singh asked. When asked about who the next Congress president would likely be, Singh demurred from naming anyone, though the senior party leader has spoken out before in favour of giving young leaders a chance to lead the party. He said that the decision was the Congress Working Committees to make. Baghel, however, had no qualms in stating that he believed that Rahul Gandhi should be the next president. Gandhi resigned from the post following the partys rout in the Lok Sabha polls, in which it won 52 seats out 542, and Sonia Gandhi became the interim president, after weeks of the party being without a chief. He [Rahul Gandhi] is not afraid to speak his mind, and he also took responsibility for the partys performance, Baghel said. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 08, 2019 05:30 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-douglas-jones-christmas-carol-om-shanti-om/story-0AgpL6zUn1ByZlhLi9PmPK.html</url>
<title>HTLS 2019| Douglas  Jones Christmas carol: Om Shanti Om</title>
<body >Actors Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones confessed that their family is obsessed with the 2007 Hindi musical Om Shanti Om, and that songs from the film are played like Christmas carols at their house. Zeta-Jones also joined moderator and actor Anil Kapoor in dancing to the films title track at the 17th Hindustan Times Leadership Summit in New Delhi on Saturday. My friends Shah Rukh and Farah are going to be very happy, Kapoor said, tipping his hat to the films lead actor, Shah Rukh Khan, and director Farah Khan. The film also served as the film debut of actor Deepika Padukone and featured several prominent Hindi film stars in cameos. My kids have been brought up singing Om Shanti Om, Zeta-Jones said, while Douglas nodded in agreement. Its true, he said, and added, On Christmas, everybody in our country sings Christmas carols; our house sings all the songs from Om Shanti Om. A self-confessed Bollywood fan, Zeta-Jones continued, I dont think people understand my obsession with Om Shanti Om. She suggested that it would have made for a fantastic Broadway musical. But I cant play it because Im not Indian, she said regretfully. You look Indian; my niece looks like you, Kapoor said, which Zeta-Jones took as a compliment. Im very honoured, she said, Some of the most beautiful women are from India. As a father of three children in the film industry, Kapoor asked the Hollywood actors about how their industry views the idea of nepotism. Children of actors need to work twice as hard as others because they are prone to more scrutiny, Douglas said. Son of Hollywood icon Kirk Douglas, the Wall Street star said that he struggled to live up to the legacy of his father in his youth. Winning the Academy Award for his performance in director Oliver Stones drama about 80s excess, Douglas said, was especially important for him, because I felt like Id stepped out of the shadow of my father and created my own identity. Be very appreciative and very humble, Douglas offered as advice to children of celebrities. There are a lot of ways you could grow up in this world. He said that his father, who will turn 103 on Monday, was instrumental in shaping him as a person. Ethics, tenacity and hard work, Douglas said, is the key to success. This is the advice that the actors have given their kids as well, because they want to be actors. Her husbands desire to make the world a better place, a more peaceful place, Zeta-Jones said, is what they have tried to instil in their children, Dylan, 19, and Carys, 16. Unlike Douglas, Zeta-Jones said she didnt have any family connections to the film industry. She had to make it on her own, first in London and then in Hollywood. I had a fearlessness, she said. Kapoor, who has been married to his wife Sunita since 1984, asked Douglas and Zeta-Jones about the secret to their long relationship. The couple tied the knot in 2000. Happy wife, happy life, Douglas shot back, and Zeta-Jones joked that people said their marriage wouldnt last. I was lucky enough to marry my best friend, Zeta-Jones said. The secret to our relationship is being kind to each other and having a sense of humour. She said that although they came close to appearing in a film together once  a part of it was supposed to be set in India  the project never materialised. If they ever agree to working together in the future, she said, she wouldnt want them to appear as a married couple, calling the idea voyeuristic. Theres something unsettling about watching a married couple on screen, she said. The couple could get a chance to work together in the future, because Douglas, 75, has no intention of retiring anytime soon. Having being exposed to a younger generation of fans through the Marvel superhero films in which he appears as Dr Hank Pym, the actor said, Im planning on working till they take me out. Douglass connection to both the Marvel movies and Netflix  he stars in the streaming giants half-hour comedy The Kominsky Method  affords him a unique perspective on the debate around theatrical distribution, initiated by filmmaker Martin Scorsese recently. Scorsese had compared Marvels brand of filmmaking to theme parks, and suggested that superhero movies were taking away the audiences right to choose what film they want to watch in theatres, therefore relegating smaller films to streaming. There has never been a better time in the history of films and television, Douglas said, praising the arrival of streaming, and giving a shout-out to Scorseses The Irishman and director Noah Baumbachs Marriage Story, two Netflix films considered front-runners at the upcoming Oscars. A TV actor you can watch for free; you have to pay to watch a movie actor, he said, describing age-old industry hierarchy. Streaming is breaking these barriers. He did, however, admit that movies these days need to be events. This makes it more difficult for personalised pictures. Douglas and Zeta-Jones also briefly addressed US politics. He just takes the air out of the room, Douglas said about US president Donald Trump, and added that he thought hed make it out of India without having to talk about him. Its a crazy time, he continued. I try to look outside our own country and theres a strange populist movement that seems to be going on around the world, certainly in our country and youre seeing it in a lot of countries in Europe. He added, looking at Kapoor, I know youre dealing with volatile issues here in your own country, but that he wasnt sure where this polarisation is coming from </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 07, 2019 23:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-aap-altered-delhi-s-discourse-delhi-cm-arvind-kejriwal/story-Ol64CNn8hLFYakd1wlUs1J.html</url>
<title>AAP altered Delhis discourse, says CM Arvind Kejriwal</title>
<body >Chief minister Arvind Kejriwal said on Saturday that the upcoming elections in Delhi will be fought on the performance of his government, which has forced principal rival Bharatiya Janata Party to respond politically on an agenda set by his Aam Aadmi Party instead of issues of caste or religion. The CM listed his administrations work in schools, health care and civic infrastructure  initiatives that he said gave hope that governance in India can be turned around within five years  while acknowledging that more needs to be done in the area of pollution and public transportation. When BJP fights elections in other states, it fights on caste and religion. When it comes to Delhi, their people talk about unauthorised colonies, about water. If we hadnt done all the work that we did, they would have turned the discourse into a Hindu vs Muslim issue, the CM said, speaking at the closing session of the 17th Hindustan Times Leadership Summit. Delhi is set to hold elections for its 70-member legislative assembly  where the AAP scripted history in 2015 by winning 67 seats as a political start-up  in the next couple of months. The main challenge for Kejriwal is largely being seen from the BJP, which controls the federal government. At an interaction following his opening remarks, the AAP leader took numerous jabs at his rival, saying, if the barat (wedding procession) is here, they should tell us who the dulha (groom) is, and that the political slogan for the BJP will probably be ab ki baar, teen paar (this time, we will cross 3)  playing on the partys current strength in the assembly. Ab ki baar 300 paar (this time, we will cross 300) was one of the main catchphrases used by BJP leaders during the 2019 Lok Sabha elections that it swept. In recent electoral battles, AAP has been outperformed by older political parties such as BJP and Congress, which won the Punjab state elections in 2017. We will definitely contest the next Punjab elections, Kejriwal said, on a question if whether the AAPs national plans were on hold after the setbacks. The CM also took a shot at BJPs state unit president Manoj Tiwari. He sings very well, doesnt he? Have you heard his song Rinkiya ke papa, he responded to a question on whether he saw Tiwari as a direct challenger for the CMs post. Later, Tiwari  who is a Bhojpuri actor and singer -- hit back in a tweet: How clueless, careless and visionless Arvind Kejriwal is! He ran Delhi only on the basis of blaming and badmouthing others. Now after 5 years, the CM has woken up to the fact that he is totally clueless about the reason of Delhi pollution. Tiwari was referring to comments by the CM in which he acknowledged the need for more steps to curb pollution in the national capital. I completely accept that Delhi has pollution and a lot of it. In winters, there are climatic phenomena that make it worse but we admit that during times like now, pollution increases due to local sources, Kejriwal said, adding that the government will deploy from April a new mechanism in collaboration with an American university to identify specific real-time sources of emissions in order to target interventions. The chief minister spoke at length about what he said were successful initiatives taken by his government. The last five years has shown that the hopelessness among people, that things wont improve in the country, can be changed. People look at Delhi and they think, things can change, he said. The big changes his administration brought, he said, were in the public health care system (which he said has become an attractive option for well-to-do people), government-run schools (which he said was consistently outscoring private institutions), civic infrastructure (particularly in unauthorised colonies) and the states financial health that left room for the government to cut taxes and offer sops. Recently, an audit said we are the only state government with a budget surplus. We stopped wasteful expenses and our work convinced citizens to not evade their taxes... We are giving it back to the people. For instance, making bus rides free for women will cost 140 crore. We chose to spend on that instead of buying a VIP helicopter, like the Gujarat government did, he said. The CM said that 96.5% 12th graders in government schools cleared the board examinations, more than the 92.5% students in private schools. This means 1.6 million students in Delhi government schools, who used to have a dark future, now have bright prospects. Students from poor families now have the chance to become engineers, doctors, lawyers and some day, they will be here in these halls, attending the HT Leadership Summit, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 08, 2019 01:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/nirmala-p1/story-8QiTuWtS0r6zMLbC7YOC0I.html</url>
<title>HTLS 2019 | India needs a simpler tax code, no ifs and buts: FM Sitharaman</title>
<body >Laying out a road map for the governments plan to reverse the economic slowdown, finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Saturday that it is committed to greater public expenditure, working on elements of a further stimulus to boost demand and incomes, and also addressing fears of adventurism by taxmen. Sitharaman, in a conversation at the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, said that the government had already taken steps to boost business sentiment, and is committed to a simpler tax code, without ifs and buts to help revive the economy. Explaining the delayed payment of compensation to states under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, the finance minister also acknowledged, for the first time, that unstructured rate cuts had distorted the GST. But she categorically said that the compact with the states would be honoured and their concerns were genuine.  But the key thrust of Sitharamans remarks were centred on the larger state of the Indian economy, in a clear sign that the government was aware of the concerns and the perceptions around it. While hoping that the economy has bottomed out, with the 4.5% GDP growth in the July-September quarter, the finance minister said that she would not let that hope lull her. I will be happy if that is the case. But my attention is that more is done for a greater stimulus. I wont allow that to distract me. The larger plan to revive the growth trajectory, the FM said, involved public expenditure. You will say that private investment is not happening. But we have made repeated commitments of public expenditure in terms of core sector revival and jobs. The government has said it will spend 100 lakh crore in the next five years. And the task force for this has already listed out the items for big ticket expenditure. The FM pointed out that while the GDP figures for the last quarter came out for the period ending September, the government had announced a range of measures in that period and subsequently, indicating that its impact would be seen now. There are concrete figures for what has happened in October and November. With public banks reaching out, and even private banks getting involved, nearly ~5 lakh crore has been given after following norms to those who take credit, across 400 districts. This is money reaching people directly for consumption in the hinterland. The other way, Sitharaman said, the government could channel money was through the Direct Benefits Transfer (DBT), to farmers and small and medium scale industries, and this was happening too. So for giving stimulus and consumption, we are adopting a direct method. And also the method we are spending on infrastructure, whose spillover can go to core industries and labour. When asked if there will be more such steps, a guarded FM said, If I say yes, it will be when. If I say yes, it will be thrown to me that are you not too close to the budget? So I dont want to say yes, although I am wishing I can say yes. At the same time, I wont say no because we are working on more. To a question on whether the government was thinking of a rationalisation or reduction of personal income tax rates, which would leave more money and thus boost demand, the FM said thats one among the many things we are thinking of, suggesting that people should wait for the budget. On the debate on whether the government is open to breaching the fiscal deficit in order to boost expenditure, or would prefer sticking to the target, the FM said that she would rather reserve her comments on the issue until the budget. Technically, nothing stops from me doing it. But will I do it? I cant say now. But she added that she was not opposed to it in principle. Fiscal discipline is a law. I have to obey the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act. I have to follow the glide path given to me from 2014, if not 2004. I have to confine myself to that glide path, even if it is strictly difficult. But that is a law and I have to obey it. That is one story. But there is another story. Learned economists are all telling us you can pause on fiscal discipline, and move towards funding for stimulus and bypass the law. It is all being discussed. The economic slowdown has got reflected in the dampened consumer and business sentiment. On the former, the FM said that she had, for the last three months, asked every interlocutor what could be done to boost consumer sentiment and was open to suggestions. I dont want to believe I know it all, or that I have done it all. And I want to know what else can be done. But on business sentiment, Sitharaman spoke in detail about the steps that had been taken, particularly in the realm of taxation. Within this, the first element was to reduce harassment and ensure a more taxpayer-friendly system. The effort to make taxmen understand that there are ways to achieve the same end -- obtain more credible information from a tax assessee -- rather than appearing to breathe down their neck and leaving them to feel they are being harassed. This effort had started much before me, during the time of my predecessor (the late Arun Jaitley), who I respect immensely and whose absence, I cant say how much, I feel. During his time, the effort started to explain to taxmen to understand there is no reason to harass. The FM said she was now physically going to (income tax) circles. I am meeting officials and telling them that even if you feel that targets cannot be met unless you strain yourself, I would rather you not strain and pressure tax assessees. The move to technology, she added, where assessees can now answer to the system, and further information requirement can also happen on a faceless method will also help. It has started on direct taxes and we have extended to indirect, GST-related queries. Second, the FM said she had also come up with a scheme for cases which have been pending for long. If, by December 31, you tick certain boxes on the enquiry , we are willing to settle the cases and try to get you out of the court and get us out of the court. Third, the FM appealed to assessees to directly approach her office or that of the revenue secretary. We assure you that if have a problem at the ground level, without revealing your identity to the concerned circles officers, we shall make sure your problem is addressed. But finally, the FM said that in the long run, their aim was to simplify the entire taxation structure, and ensure that there are no ifs and buts in it, because that is where subjective interpretations come in. We want to remove ifs and buts, remove exemptions. We proved our intentions when the corporate tax rate cut was announced. We said give us the least you can...That will be the philosophy with which every tax would now be framed. We are moving to a simplified and, therefore, exemption-free, therefore subjective interpretation-free, and therefore harassment-free regime. The FM also spoke of three sectors which have gone through stress in recent times. The first was real estate, where Sitharaman referred to the governments special scheme of  25,000 crore to ease the crunch in the sector, where unfinished projects across the country, especially in big urban centres like Delhi-NCR, have caused great distress. By 15 December, money will go into escrow account to complete their projects. I want to assure homebuyers in the lurch that we are fully seized of the problem. The second was the crisis in the non-banking finance companies (NBFCs). The FM said she had extensively held consultations with NBFCs. While analysing how the lines between the functions of public sector and private commercial banks, and those of NBFCs had got blurred, leading to the troubles, she mentioned her one-line guiding principle. I dont want anyone falling off the cliff. And that is the extent to which we are watching them but not getting in their way. Building on Prime Minister Narendra Modis remarks at the summit on Friday that bankers should take decisions without fear, the FM added that the government would not enquire into commercial decisions even if it results in commercial failure and there would be no fishing expeditions. And the final sector was agriculture, where the nature of the crisis has been reflected in low farm incomes, which in turn had resulted in lower rural demand. The FM spoke of encouraging more agriculture exports by recognising the products in demand in markets outside and focusing on them and providing better infrastructure, especially storage facilities tuned to specific needs. The FM also acknowledged that there was a debate about the trade-off between low food prices, which helped consumers but had potentially adverse consequences on farm incomes, and high food prices, which harmed consumers but had the opposite implications for farmers if market distortions did not creep in. At a time when there has been an ongoing debate on the credibility of Indias statistical regime and data, the FM said there was no doubt that there was a need to bring credibility back to data. But if sometimes when genuinely something has gone wrong, it is not to cast aspersions on every such data. We are seized of the debate on data and its credibility. She added that the government was committed to making available more data, and ensuring better credibility of data. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 08, 2019 01:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-unstructured-rate-cuts-distorted-gst-streamlining-is-on-the-anvil-nirmala-sitharaman/story-q9f4JjzGP6N7HAqi9shyDM.html</url>
<title>HTLS 2019| Unstructured rate cuts distorted GST, streamlining is on the anvil: Nirmala Sitharaman</title>
<body >Finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman assured the states on Saturday that the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government remained committed to compensating them for a shortfall in revenue from the Goods and Services Tax (GST), which, she said,  may be rationalised into fewer  slabs. States and Union territories were paid Rs 28,000 crore compensation for June-July  and are awaiting the payment for August-September, which had been due in October.  The shortfall is not to the level of saying that oh, the compact [between the Centre and states] has been broken,  Sitharaman said at the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit. The law guarantees a 14% annual increase in tax revenues ,and undertakes to compensate them for any shortfall for a transition period of five years until the year 2021-22. The Centre has not been able to pay the compensation for two months  August and September  because of a shortfall in collection of cess, charged on so-called sin goods such as tobacco products  to make up the shortfall, causing some qualms over its commitment and leading to a degree of friction in Centre-state relations. The cess collections have been low as the sectors on which the cess applies have seen a muted growth or in some cases a small contraction, said MS Mani, a partner at  the consulting firm Deloitte India. The items that are subject to cess may now need to be expanded in order to prop up the cess collection. In a majority of cases the cess paid is not available as an input tax credit, hence any increase in cess would lead to automatic net collections increases. Also cess need not be shared with states as part of the divisible pool of taxes, it is distributed separately as part of the compensation package. Sitharaman assured the states that the non-payment of compensation was temporary lapse, deflecting concerns over the delayed payments at a time when  economic growth decelerated to 4.5% in the three months ended September 30,the slowest pace since March 2013  It was the sixth consecutive quarterly decline in growth. We are not going to touch the compact Let there be no doubt. We will honour the compact; there is no question about it, the finance minister said. Finance ministers of Delhi, Puducherry, Punjab and Madhya Pradesh  and officials from Kerala, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh and West Bengal  on Wednesday met Sitharaman and urged her to clear their dues. The appeal came at a time when the Centres revenue collection numbers have raised serious concerns, forcing the federal indirect tax body, the GST Council, to call a meeting later this month to explore ways to boost collections, including raising tax rates. According to a finance ministry official, issues related to GST collection and delay in paying compensation to states are expected to come up in the 38th GST Council meeting. The compensation requirements have increased significantly and unlikely to met from the  cess, the official said on condition of anonymity. Uday Pimprikar, tax partner and national leader of the indirect tax service practice at EY India, said lower GST collection stemmed partly from lower economic growth, which slowed to 4.5% in the three months ended September, the slowest pace since March 2013, and an effective reduction in indirect tax rates since the pre-GST era. The primary issue is the tepid collections and this is getting accentuated on account of the fact that the Central government is seeking to compensate a shortfall based on a compounded growth at an unrealistic 14%, Pimprikar said. Logically, the avenues available with the government are to increase rates and impose a compliance regime that reduces evasion  the government would seek to do both.  On Saturday, the chief ministers of Punjab and Chhattisgarh, Amarinder Singh and Bhupesh Bhagel, complained about the difficulties their governments were confronting because of non-payment of the compensation . All our sources of revenue have been passed on to the GST, so it is the responsibility of the finance ministry [to pay us]. I have not received GST collections since August, and I have had to borrow money to pay salaries. How can states function this way, Singh said at the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit. Baghel said that in Chhattisgarh, which is home to many heavy industries, it is vital that money goes into the pockets of local residents for it to reach the market and boost consumption, alleging that certain central policies were preventing that from happening. On Saturday, Sitharaman spoke about the rationalisation of tax slabs under GST, in which goods and services ate taxed at  four rates --- 5%, 12%, 18% and 28%.  Rate structures are the GST Councils business, Sitharaman said at the HT Leadership Summit. Eventually, we will of course have to rationalise [the rates]. Do we want so many slabs? Do we want to have just two or three slabs? Original intent was that we have just the three merit, sin and the standard; just the three rates. Revenue secretary Ajay Bhushan Pandey told HT on December 1 that the GST Council, which is headed by the Union finance minister and is composed of state finance ministers, was aware of the fact that at some point of time, the merger of a few slabs would be required with a standard rate applying to most goods and services, a merit rate with items of mass consumption and a demerit rate for luxury and so-called sin goods such as liquor and tobacco products. As revenues stabilize at comfortable levels, the Council may review to rationalize the rates into a fewer slabs, he had said. On the rationalisation of the GST slabs, Sitharaman said the government will soon begin efforts towards putting in place  a very good, streamlined GST. Recalling the efforts of late former finance minister Arun Jaitley in rolling out the GST, billed as the biggest indirect tax reform in India, with the backing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, she said the GST Act was a good law. And it is required for a country as large as India. She said state governments had been equal partners in shaping the tax regime, which subsumed several central and state taxes,but a series of rate reductions proposed by stakeholders had introduced some distortions that diluted  the benefits of input tax credit to the consumer. In the enthusiasm for reducing tax rates, the original concept was distorted, she said. She also emphasised the need to further simplify compliance processes and filing of the GST returns. In a tweet on Saturday Sitharaman also invited suggestions  on simplifying the GST filing process. A gentle reminder: Today, 7 December, all GST offices will be ready to receive suggestions on simplifying/easing the filing process. [We] Invite those interested in providing suggestions to kindly approach the nearest office, she said in the tweet. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 07, 2019 22:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/manoj-tiwari-hits-back-at-kejriwal-s-comments-on-pollution-and-other-issues-at-htls/story-2dYWneeJpeSAUlFeUyNRfI.html</url>
<title>How clueless: BJPs Manoj Tiwari hits back at Arvind Kejriwal on pollution</title>
<body >Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari has called Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal clueless for his comments on pollution in the national capital. Speaking at the 17th edition of Hindustan Times Leadership Summit on Saturday, the Chief Minister said that the current spell of pollution is mainly due to Delhis local sources, dust, industry and construction etc. How Clueless, Careless and Visionless @Arvindkejriwal is !!! He ran Delhi only on the basis of Blaming and Badmouthing others. Now after 5 years the CM has woken up to the fact that he is Totally Clueless about the reason of Delhi pollution, Tiwari hit back at Kejriwal on Twitter.At @htTweets #HTSummit2019 How Clueless, Careless and Visionless @Arvindkejriwal is !!!He ran Delhi only on the basis of Blaming and Badmouthing others.Now after 5 years the CM has woken up to the fact that he is Totally Clueless about the reason of Delhi pollution. (1/3) Manoj Tiwari (@ManojTiwariMP) December 7, 2019 At @htTweets #HTSummit2019 How Clueless, Careless and Visionless @Arvindkejriwal is !!!He ran Delhi only on the basis of Blaming and Badmouthing others.Now after 5 years the CM has woken up to the fact that he is Totally Clueless about the reason of Delhi pollution. (1/3) No stubble burning right now so why Air Quality Index is poor? And @ArvindKejriwal being CM has admitted that the Pollution in Delhi is due to its own sources. So Mr kejriwal this is your achievement in 5 years, isnt this shameful? the Delhi BJP chief said in subsequent tweet. He also took on the Aam Aadmi Party chief as the city-state gears up for election for his comments that the BJPs slogan this time around will be abki baar 3 paar. And @ArvindKejriwal please note once @BJP4Delhi forms the government in Delhi, will buy immediately 10000 buses (CNGElectric) to improve transport infrastructure in Delhi which you have totally ruined, and with peoples support we will not only cross 3 but will get full majority, Tiwari tweeted. At Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, Kejriwal blamed stubble burning season in neighbouring Punjab and Haryana for the spike in pollution. The air quality in Delhi plummeted after the stubble burning season began in Punjab and Haryana. We are helpless in front of this, said the Delhi CM. With just months to go for Assembly elections in Delhi, the chief minister listed all the steps his government had taken in the past five years. He said that government schools and hospitals and drastically improved. Who would have thought government schools and hospitals could be so good. Who could have thought that electricity can be so cheap. Government school-educated children are clearing JEE, the chief minister added. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 07, 2019 20:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/htls/htls-2019-arvind-kejriwal-is-asked-about-manoj-tiwari-as-bjp-s-cm-face-he-responds/story-qRVK1As6VcLJXCaMXP0JXJ.html</url>
<title>Arvind Kejriwal is asked about Manoj Tiwari as BJPs CM face. He responds</title>
<body >Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday claimed that his governments hard push to development over the last five years has forced the rival Bharatiya Janata Party to change the discourse of politics in national capital Delhi and focus on unauthorised colonies rather than build its campaign around religion or caste politics. This has happened because of the work that the Aam Aadmi Party government has done over the last few years, he said at the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit. Kejriwal, who was addressing a gathering of politicians, business leaders and commentators at the Summit, also took a sharp jibe at Manoj Tiwari, the Delhi BJP chief who is his most vocal critic. The BJP hasnt announced its presumptive chief minister for the state elections early next year. Union Minister Hardeep Puri, who was quoted by news agency PTI, that the state unit would fight the elections under Manoj Tiwaris leadership, had backtracked soon after. Kejriwal was asked for his opinion on Manoj Tiwari as the BJPs potential candidate against him. Arvind Kejriwals response wasnt on Tiwaris politics but his last day job, as a Bhojpuri singer. He sings very well. Have you heard the song Rinkiya Ke Papa. He sings very well. He is very good, Arvind Kejriwal said in response. Rinkiya Ke Papa is one of Manoj Tiwaris early hits and is a popular meme on videos circulating on social media and app TikTok. Before Manoj Tiwari made the switch to full-time politics, he had made a career singing Bhojpuri songs. It is a skill that he sometimes uses during election campaigning as well. Tiwari took the first step in politics a decade earlier, in 2009 when he contested the Uttar Pradesh state elections on a Samajwadi Party ticket from Gorakhpur. He fought the 2014 Lok Sabha elections as a BJP candidate and won. Tiwari returned to the Lok Sabha in 2019 when he won the North East Delhi seat. He has been leading the Delhi BJP since 2016. </body>
<date >Updated: Dec 07, 2019 20:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/bcci-will-win-they-ll-get-their-way-if-they-want-to-chappell-on-ipl-replacing-t20-world-cup/story-5JdwVNJaxhWbXmu9RVh1hP.html</url>
<title>BCCI will win; theyll get their way if they want to: Chappell on IPL replacing T20 World Cup</title>
<body >Former Australian captain Ian Chappell is known for his hard stance against the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) and he has said that the BCCI with its clout might get to host the IPL if the T20 World Cup is postponed by the ICC. Chappells comments come just a week ahead of the crucial ICC meeting where the fate of the World Cup, to be hosted in October-November in Australia, could be decided. The first thing you know is that the BCCI will win, Chappell told Wide World of Sports. Theyll get their way if they want to play in October. At this point it appears to me that the chances of the T20 World Cup going ahead are somewhere between Buckleys and none. Also Read | Is the ICC top job on Sourav Gangulys radar? With so many countries, I just think it would be logistically way too difficult, but thats purely a cricketer talking, not a medical person or someone with experience running a tournament like that. But it seems to me with 16 teams to worry about its probably going to be too hard, and if the BCCI want the IPL to take that slot theyll probably get their way, he added. BCCI on the other hand has maintained that it will not push for the World Cup to be postponed. Why should the BCCI suggest postponing the Twenty20 World Cup? BCCI treasurer Arun Singh Dhumal told news agency Reuters by telephone. Well discuss it in the meeting and whatever is appropriate, (the ICC) will take a call. If the Australia government announces that the tournament will happen and Cricket Australia is confident they can handle it, it will be their call. BCCI would not suggest anything, he added. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 08:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/everyone-wants-to-see-the-t20-world-cup-misbah-ul-haq/story-A4AUFBXxkafR6VVaOKrAGK.html</url>
<title>Everyone wants to see the T20 World Cup: Misbah-Ul-Haq</title>
<body >The authorities must not postpone the T20 World Cup in haste since the showpiece event is the best product to highlight cricket once activities resume, Pakistan head coach and chief selector, Misbah-ul-Haq has said. Misbah said though logistics is a huge challenge due to the prevailing circumstances, the authorities must deliberate enough before arriving at a decision. The logistics of hosting 16 teams is not easy but the authorities should give it time and wait for a month or more before taking any decision, Misbah said in an interview to YouTube channel, Cricket Baaz. Everyone wants to see the T20 World Cup. It would be the best product to highlight cricket once activities resume internationally. Misbah also said that their upcoming tour to England will not be easy for either the players, coaches or anyone as circumstances are not ideal for cricket. But there is a feeling of depression right now all over the world because of this Covid-19 problem and with sports suspended there is no entertainment. People want to move on so I think we must give it a try, he said. Pakistan and England Boards have discussed a tour by the green shirts from July to play three Tests and three T20 matches in bio-security environment. The idea is to first have one to one training then increase the number of players to groups. We need to get together and train to be prepared for a comeback to cricket. It is not going to be easy also getting used to new rules like not applying saliva sweat to shine the ball. I am hoping a three-week camp in Pakistan and then more practice in quarantine in England should get the players prepared, Misbah pointed out. The Pakistan coach had no doubt the players will face difficulties adjusting to the new laws and bio-security environment. Misbah confirmed that former captain, Sarfaraz Ahmed would be the second wicketkeeper in the touring squad after Rizwan. We will be taking a group of 25 to 27 players to England because we cant ask for replacements and we all have to be together from start to end so that no one catches the virus, he said. Yes it makes sense to take two keepers on this tour because where will we find a replacement in those conditions. Sarfaraz is obviously our choice. The Pakistan head coach to a question insisted he had no personal motive in seeing Sarfaraz ousted as captain and player from all three formats. I felt that as time progressed Sarfaraz was feeling more pressure more so because of his own form which was suffering. It was a decision to give him a break so that he could rest and make a strong comeback, he said. I am happy to see that he has worked very hard on his fitness and game. He is very much in our plans. Misbah also insisted that pace bowlers Wahab Riaz and Mohammad Aamirs exclusion from central contracts had nothing to do with their decision to quit red ball cricket. They were not given contracts because the board has decided to reduce the number of players given contracts to make it more competitive and we felt that we needed to give some incentive to the younger players, said Misbah. The two are very much in our plans until the 2023 World Cup. They are still playing white ball cricket and dont forget they are two T20 World events before 2023. They figure in our plans and will play when required. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 00:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/pandemic-creating-lockdown-generation-as-one-in-six-youths-stop-work-un/story-qCRoMY5JJESbSy3xD1KXdJ.html</url>
<title>Pandemic creating lockdown generation as one in six youths stop work: UN</title>
<body >The Covid-19 pandemic has caused surging unemployment worldwide, but has hit young workers especially hard, forcing more than one in six people aged under 29 to stop working, the UN said Wednesday. In a fresh study, the International Labour Organization warned that the novel coronavirus crisis has disproportionately affected young people, and could impact upon their work opportunities and career options for decades to come. I dont think it is giving way to hyperbole to talk about the danger of a lockdown generation, ILO chief Guy Ryder told a virtual press conference. As we recover from the pandemic, a lot of young people are simply going to be left behind. Big numbers, he said, warning that the danger is... that this initial shock to young people will last a decade or longer. People will be permanently scarred by the immediate effects of the pandemic. Even before the crisis, the global youth unemployment rate stood at 13.6 percent in 2019 -- far higher than for any other group -- while some 267 million young people were neither employed nor in education or training (NEET). Overall, the ILO study said it expected the coronavirus crisis to obliterate 10.7 percent of working hours worked globally during the second quarter of 2020 compared to the final three months of 2019 -- the equivalent of 305 million jobs. - Massive increase - But while all age groups are suffering, the UN agency pointed to recent data from a range of countries indicating a massive increase in youth unemployment since February, with young women particularly hard-hit. In Canada for example, the overall jobless rate rose six percentage points from February to April, but for young men it swelled by 14.3 percentage points (to 27.1 percent) and for young women it ballooned by 20.4 percentage points to 28.4 percent. Similar trends were seen in the United States and a range of other countries, the report said. The ILO said it did not yet have enough data to determine the overall youth unemployment rate since the crisis began. But in a survey of people aged 29 and under, it found that globally, over 17 percent of those who were working when the pandemic hit had been forced to stop. And those who have continued to work have meanwhile seen their working hours cut on average by 23 percent, the study found. The report warned that young people are facing a triple shock from the crisis, which is not only destroying their employment but has also disrupted education and training, and has made it far more difficult to try to enter the labour market or move between jobs. It found that around half of students expect their education to be delayed, while 10 percent now believe they will be unable to complete their training at all. And a full 60 percent of young women and 53 percent of young men surveyed viewed their career prospects with uncertainty or fear, the report found. The ILO report called for an urgent and large-scale response to the crisis, including employment and training guarantee programmes for young people. If their talent and energy is sidelined by a lack of opportunity or skills it will damage all our futures and make it much more difficult to re-build a better, post-Covid economy, Ryder warned. - Step up testing, tracing - As a growing number of countries begin loosening lockdown measures, the ILO also called on them to step up testing and tracing of suspected Covid-19 cases to help get more people back to work. The report found that rigorous testing and tracing was strongly related to lower labour market disruption, with the average fall in working hours up to 50 percent lower in countries that had followed this path. This, it said, was linked to the fact that testing and tracing reduced the need for strict confinement measures, and boosted public confidence to visit shops and restaurants. It also stressed that testing and tracing could create new jobs, even if only temporary, which could be targeted at young people. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/24-year-old-ac-mechanic-hangs-himself-in-ludhiana/story-QwilonT2w8qZFR0vFnVauO.html</url>
<title>24-year-old AC mechanic hangs himself in Ludhiana</title>
<body >A 24-year-old AC mechanic allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from a ceiling fan at a house in Nanak Nagar. Police said the deceased hailed from Nagar village in Phillaur, Punjab, and was living in the house of his employers relatives in Ludhianas Nanak Nagar where he worked at a shop. Inspector Vijay Kumar, station house officer (SHO), Daresi police station said no suicide note was recovered from the spot, and according to the deceaseds father, the youth had not complained of any issues. The SHO said according the deceaseds employer, he had provided him makeshift accommodation in Ludhiana as he often used to finish work late. On Tuesday, the youth took Rs 200 from his employer and returned to his room. He was found hanging on Wednesday morning. After the police were informed, the body was sent to the Ludhiana civil hospital for autopsy. Police have initiated inquest proceeding under Section 174 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC). </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/what-this-dog-did-to-avoid-heat-will-make-you-want-to-follow-in-its-paw-steps-watch/story-goYi7Rf24BH2bW048uPmHN.html</url>
<title>What this dog did to avoid heat will make you want to follow in its paw-steps. Watch</title>
<body >A dog bothered by heat decided to do something which many of us may have thought about and would love to do, if given the chance. Its the moment when the dog decided to slide past its hooman to climb inside an open fridge. Shared on TikTok two days ago, the video is already creating a stir online. As the video starts, a caption appears on the screen and it reads, Bhai, bahut garmi hai [its too hot]. It then shows the dog walking towards the fridge and within seconds comfortably settling itself inside, on the lowest shelf. Take a look at the video and we should warn you that it may leave you with a desire to do what the dog did. @rajputking568 please viral ##viralvideo ##backbanchers ##backtoschool ##cronavirus ##upwale ##comedy ##comedyindia ##hayegarmi ##plzzzlike ##teamrajput ##ilovemydog ##doglov  original sound - Rishabh Zala please viral ##viralvideo ##backbanchers ##backtoschool ##cronavirus ##upwale ##comedy ##comedyindia ##hayegarmi ##plzzzlike ##teamrajput ##ilovemydog ##doglov Since being shared, the video has garnered over 8.5 lakh views  and counting. It has also received close to 62,000 likes and tons of comments from people. While some said they would like to do the same, others wrote about the cuteness of the dog. I want to be this puppy, wrote a TikTok user. Oh! Such a sweet dog, commented another. This is such a fun video, expressed a third. Many also shared laughing out loud emojis to express themselves. What do you think of the video? Also Read | Dog uses genius tactics to make its human keep throwing a frisbee. Watch </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/nz-cricket-to-cut-jobs-by-10-15-to-cope-with-economic-fallout-of-covid-19-pandemic/story-w5XyqsvzmvZbfMYjT8eVqI.html</url>
<title>NZ Cricket to cut jobs by 10-15 % to cope with economic fallout of COVID-19 pandemic</title>
<body >New Zealand Cricket is looking to shed around 10 to 15 percent of its staff and save NZ$ 6 million in operation costs as it copes with the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, Chief Executive David White said on Wednesday. NZCs cost-cutting measures would allow the cricket board to keep the same level of funding for the six major associations, districts and clubs, and also avoid cutting the mens and womens domestic calender, said White. We have our priorities for the year which were not compromising and were investing in those. The cuts are coming from NZC, $6 million, of which $1.5m is staff, White was quoted as saying by stuff.co.nz. White assured that the players and management would not be affected by the cost-cutting measures and the players annual retainers will be as forecast for the coming season. NZC is expecting significant reduction in revenues for the current financial year compared to 2018-19 with the global health crisis forcing a cricket shutdown and also putting doubt on the international calender. There are speculations that the T20 World Cup will be postponed due to the travel restrictions in place in Australia to contain the virus. New Zealand is likely to host Australia amid a trans-Tasman bubble in November, in all likelihood, behind closed doors. The country is also scheduled to host the the Womens World Cup in February-March next year. Its a really challenging situation and weve just got to work through it the best we can to ensure NZ Cricket remains strong and viable, and all our members do as well, White said. Cricket Australia has already stood down 80 percent of its staff and is facing losses losses worth more than 300 million Australian dollars if India doesnt tour Down Under in the summer. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 18:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/news-updates-from-hindustan-times-china-s-way-to-create-distraction-says-union-minister-on-lac-tension-in-ladakh-and-all-the-latest-news/story-uWumOI7hudx2rdKrSDAjvJ.html</url>
<title>News updates from Hindustan Times: Chinas way to create distraction, says Union minister on LAC tension in Ladakh and all the latest news</title>
<body >Here are todays top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times. Chinas way to create distraction: Union minister on LAC tension in Ladakh Union minister VK Singh has said that China is trying to distract the worlds attention by increasing activity on the Line of Actual Control (LAC). Read more. Rahul Gandhi speaks with Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray, assures support A day after his comment led to speculations that all was not well within Maharashtras ruling coalition, former Congress president Rahul Gandhi spoke with chief minister Uddhav Thackeray over the phone on Wednesday morning. Read more. Your career will be over: Curtly Ambrose recalls when he threatened to knock out Steve Waugh West Indies legend Sir Curtly Ambrose recalled the time when he got into a heated argument with former Australia captain Steve Waugh during a Test match in Trinidad in 1995. Ambrose, who picked up 405 wickets in 98 Tests, was known for his quiet demeanour on the pitch. Read more. Virat Kohli aces 180-degree landings in first attempt, Arjun Kapoor hilariously trolls him. Watch video Cricketer Virat Kohli shared a new workout video on his Instagram account, in which he is seen nailing 180-degree landings in his very first attempt. My first shot at 180 landings. Top exercise, he captioned the clip, which has already garnered more than 4 million views. Read more. iPhone 11 beats iPhone XR to become the most popular smartphone globally Apples iPhone 11 turned out to be the most popular smartphone model in Q1, 2020 based on data by Omdia. iPhone XR which had been the most popular iPhone so far has now passed the throne to iPhone 11. Read more. Menstrual Hygiene Day 2020: To attain menstrual health, we require community involvement Menstruation is a normal biological process, which is the key in maintaining the reproductive well being of a woman.Myths and taboos in the society have resulted in a high level of secrecy about the basic menstruation facts -- leading to shame and exclusion for women and girls. Read more. Alligators engage in fight on golf course, fascinating video captured. Dont forget to turn the sound on A video of two alligators engaged in an epic fight is fascinating, intriguing, and scary  all in equal parts. Captured at the Hilton Head Lakes golf course in Hardeeville, South Carolina, the video of these unwanted guests was shared on Facebook and it has now left people with varied thoughts. Read more. TISS takes Masters programme process online The Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, has restructured its admission process for Masters programmes doing away with any physical visits by candidates to the campus. Read more. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/new-world-order-post-covid-19-balance-of-power-between-us-china-will-change-rahul-gandhi/story-hXAcyyjfsx67QpsKHw1w6H.html</url>
<title>New world order post Covid-19, balance of power between US, China will change: Rahul Gandhi</title>
<body >People say 9/11 was a new chapter, this [Covid-19] is a new book, former Congress president Rahul Gandhi said on Wednesday, contending there will be a new world after the pandemic ends. He also contended that the balance of power between China and the US will change after the pandemic. Gandhis remarks came during a video interaction with American health expert and Harvard Global Health Institute director Ashish Jha. Gandhi was asked by Jha how the coronavirus will change society and what social norms and interactions will look like in India two years from now. Also Read: Do your CMs not listen to you?: Union minister to Rahul Gandhi on lockdown I dont think there will be one response to this disease. Every state will have its own response. You can already see that some states are doing better than others because of their nature, their design, their political system. I get the sense that the more decentralised states, the states that spread more power closer to the people, will do better, Gandhi said. Thats my sense. I think the large urban centres will get hurt badly. I hope that this disease will bring people together and bring them to the realisation that you cant fight this disease as different religions, or different communities, different castes, different genders, he added. However, Gandhi said there is a potential opportunity due to the pandemic. Also Read: If 9/11 was a new chapter, Covid-19 is a new book: Rahul Gandhi There is an opportunity that in fighting this disease, we are able to start a conversation, we are able to understand that everybody is required to fight this disease and we are able to work together to get out of this, he said. I think there is a potential for that. We will also have to prepare ourselves for significant pain. I do worry about our older people, I also worry about our younger people who are sort of critical for the future growth of this country. At the global level, the former Congress chief said, the virus is operating at two levels. One, it is operating at a healthcare level and two, it is attacking the globalised structure. If you look at the places that are vulnerable, they are all nerve centres of globalisation. And if you look at the people who are vulnerable, they are all people who have been damaged by the food chain. Heart disease, particular types of diets, particular types of behaviour, all come from globalisation and the virus is attacking them, he said. I am convinced you are going to have a new world after this virus. I also think for example, I think it is going to reshape Europe. Many people wont like what I sayBut I think Europe will have real, real difficulty staying together. I think the balance of power between the US and China will change. I think we are enteringpeople say 9/11 was a new chapter, this is a new book, Gandhi said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 13:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/bse-launches-e-kyc-services-on-star-mf-platform/story-OzOeiVPvSLiH0vASxZthCL.html</url>
<title>BSE launches e-KYC services on StAR MF platform</title>
<body >BSE Star MF on Tuesday announced the launch of e-KYC services to simplify and provide value-based services to the mutual fund industry. This will eliminate the current challenges of onboarding a new investor, BSE said in a statement. BSE also plans to provide e-KYC services to stock brokers and the other approved intermediaries in the near future for which it will issue application programming interfaces (APIs) for stock brokers and other intermediaries to connect their IT systems to BSEs e-KYC system. BSE StAR MF contributed Rs 56,038 crore as net equity inflow during 2019-20 which is 66 per cent of the mutual fund industry net equity inflow of Rs 83,781 crore. In April 2020, BSE StAR MF contributed 61 per cent in net equity inflow, that is Rs 3,806 crore out of the industrys total of Rs 6,212 crore. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/work-from-home/the-india-we-love-muslim-man-breaks-fast-to-save-a-hindu-woman-and-her-child/story-LSTcawOEfCHFZS9I2aYwkI.html</url>
<title>The India we love: Muslim man breaks fast to save a Hindu woman and her child</title>
<body > A few days ago, Rupesh Kumar, a distressed father-to-be from Shamli, Uttar Pradesh,was hoping for a miracle. Amid the lockdown, his wife Dolly had to undergo a caesarian operation and she urgently required two units of B+ blood. Abid Saifi, a social worker got this information through Sandeep Kumar, admin of Jai Hind Blood Group, a WhatsApp group that helps patients connect with donors. Dolly, who lived in Kaka Nagar was admitted in Jyoti nursing home. Husain immediately responded to the message on the group, confirming that he was ready to donate blood. Without thinking for a minute, he broke his fast to be able to donate blood, and rushed to the hospital. Dolly received blood in time and she gave birth to a healthy baby boy. Her husband, advocate Rupesh Kumar was very moved by Saifis gesture and called to thank him for saving his wifes and sons life. He also requested Saifi if he could help him choose a name for the newborn child. Saifi says that he is very grateful to God for giving him an opportunity to help someone in the Holy month of Ramzan. When we Muslims say Alhamdulillahi Rabbil Alamin, it implies, praise be to Allah, the Lord of the entire universe, the Lord of all those who inhabit this earth, nowhere its written, He is the Lord of just Muslims, so theres no way a Muslim can ever discriminate among human beings. As a Muslim, I cant be happier that I got an opportunity to help someone!, he says. The social activist says that the whole idea of fasting in Ramzan is to please God, and God cant be happier that he broke his fast to save two lives. Humanity will always be above religion! Many are trying to spread hate in the name of religion, but we understand how wrong it is to discriminate, says Saifi, who every year, in the month of sawan, hosts worshippers of Lord Shiva that take part in Kanwar Yatra. He organises rest camps for the kanwariyas, serves them food and drinks and also applies ointments to the pilgrims sore feet. Love will always have the power to magically conquer hatred. This is the India we love, the India we live for! </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/publicise-imp-information-via-print-media-whatsapp-during-lockdown-hc-suggests-to-authorities/story-f6qMizlz5sKXnoaLmp4iQL.html</url>
<title>Publicise imp information via print media, WhatsApp during lockdown: HC suggests to authorities</title>
<body >A two-member division bench at Aurangabad of the Bombay high court (HC) has suggested the use of social messaging applications such as WhatsApp to disseminate information among consumers about availing of home delivery services for groceries and other essential commodities in the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak-hit containment zones within the limits of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) a bid to rein in the pandemic. The court also suggested that the details of helpline numbers for Aurangabad city be widely published in English and Marathi print publications once a week to assist the needy citizens. The division bench, comprising Justices Prasamna Varale and Shrikant Kulkarni, made the observation on May 19 via video-conference while hearing the plea filed by an Aurangabad-based businessman, Muzaffaruddin Khan. Also read:Maharashtra: Covid-19 doubling rate now 14 days, death rate falls Advocate Muhammad Aseem, who represented petitioner Khan, told the court that the authorities had announced the lockdown restrictions in containment zones between May 15 and 20, causing immense inconvenience to both the consumers and shopkeepers. The petition sought the court to give directions to the AMC authorities and allow shops in containment zones to open for a limited period daily instead of total lockdown. Tuesday was the next date of the hearing of the case, when the civic authorities filed an affidavit through its counsel SG Chapalgaonkar. The affidavit stated that the shops located in containment zones would be allowed to open between 7 am and 2 pm daily. It also assured that shopkeepers would be given additional time to manage and clean their shops. The affidavit stated that a 24-hour call centre and a helpline have been launched after lockdown restrictions were imposed to take care of the peoples daily needs living in containment zones. Also read|Covid-19: 81% of Maharashtras 54,758 cases have come in last 26 days The court also suggested that the civic authorities should urge shopkeepers and traders to pack goods in one, two and five kilogram (kg) packets for the convenience of home delivery to the consumers living in containment zones. Petitioner Khan expressed his satisfaction after the court addressed his grievances. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 12:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/karnataka/karnataka-to-open-religious-places-after-may-31/story-CYkBdg4e7Ti9qWU06FpBGI.html</url>
<title>Karnataka to open religious places after May 31: CM Yediyurappa</title>
<body >Karnataka is likely to allow religious places to open in the state after May 31, when the fourth phase of the Covid-19 lockdown is scheduled to end, reports said on Wednesday. Temples, mosques, churches and other religious institutions have been shut for the last two months due to the coronavirus disease-induced lockdown across the country. We are going to open temples, mosques and churches in the state after May 31, Karnataka chief minister BS Yediyurappa was quoted as saying by news agency ANI. Yediyurappa, however, added that they will wait for Prime Minister Narendra Modis decision over their re-opening. State minister Kota Srinivas Poojary had said on Tuesday that temples in the state will be opened for public from June 1. We have had discussions with the chief minister regarding Muzrai department, during which it was decided to open temples from June 1, Poojary, the minister for Hindu religious institutions and charitable endowments (Muzrai), had said. Poojary, however, had said that even as temples will be opened to offer prayers and daily rituals, temple fairs and events will not be permitted. Most restrictions have been relaxed in lockdown 4.0 with public transport, shops and the movement of people allowed across the country. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 15:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/amitabh-bachchan-says-amar-akbar-anthony-did-baahubali-2-business-as-film-completes-43-years-shares-throwback-pics/story-E3flQSbKYvASoEZMv4ZOwK.html</url>
<title>Amitabh Bachchan says Amar Akbar Anthony did Baahubali 2 business as film completes 43 years, shares throwback pics</title>
<body >Actor Amitabh Bachchan has marked the 43rd anniversary of his hit film Amar Akbar Anthony with a throwback picture of his kids, Shweta and Abhishek as babies, and by sharing box office statistics. The actor wrote on social media that adjusted for inflation, the films Rs 7.25 crore box office haul in 1977 translates to the business Baahubali: The Conclusion did in 2017. Baahubali 2 made Rs 1800 crore. Sharing the picture on Instagram, Amitabh wrote, SHWETA and Abhishek visit me on set of Amar Akbar Anthony .. shooting song My name is Anthony Gonsalves .. at Holiday Inn Ball Room .. this pic on the beach front .. 43 YEARS of AAA , today .. !!! He continued, When Man ji came to narrate the idea to me .. and told me the Title .. I thought he had lost it .. at a time in the 70s when film titles revolved around Behen Bhabhi and Beti , this one was so out of place .. BUT .. It is reported that it did a business of 7.25 cr at that time .. inflation adjusted it crosses collections of Bahubali 2 .. say the sayers who do calculations. But fact is it did massive business .. did 25 weeks in 25 theatres in Mumbai alone .. or so they say .. Doesnt happen now ... gone are those days !! The black-and-white picture shows Amitabh wearing a waistcoat and a bow tie, holding baby Shweta and Abhishek in each arm. Directed by Manmohan Desai, Amar Akbar Anthony starred Amitabh, Vinod Khanna and Rishi Kapoor as three brothers who are separated in childhood and adopted by three families of different faiths. Also read: Amitabh Bachchan fights tears as he pays tribute to Rishi Kapoor: Even in grave sequences he would discover that comedic spark Amitabhs co-star in the film, Rishi Kapoor, died after a two-year battle with cancer last month. Amitabh condoled Rishis death and wrote in a social media post, During his time of diagnosis and his treatment he never ever lamented his condition .. it was always .. see you soon , just a routine visit to the hospital .. Ill be back shortly. I never visited him in hospital .. I never wanted to see distress on his smiling cherubic face. But I am certain .. when he went , he must have gone with a gentle smile. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/punjab-cabinet-to-meet-today-as-impasse-over-cs-prevails/story-hRrhZoCIQOgkVWVipXlj7L.html</url>
<title>Punjab cabinet to meet today as impasse over CS prevails</title>
<body >Amid continued deadlock over the ministers demand for removal of the chief secretary, all eyes will be on the Punjab cabinet meeting scheduled to be held here at 3pm on Wednesday. The meeting has been convened to discuss the post-Lockdown 4.0 strategy, state finances and the hike allowed by the centre in the states borrowing limit, but the ongoing row between senior cabinet ministers and chief secretary Karan Avtar Singh is expected to be the hot topic of discussion. In the last cabinet meeting on May 11, the ministers had unanimously decided to boycott the chief secretary due to his rude behaviour with some of them, giving an ultimatum to chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh to remove the IAS officer from the top bureaucratic position or they will not attend cabinet meetings in which he is present. Though Amarinder took the luncheon diplomacy route and held meetings with cabinet ministers Manpreet Singh Badal, Charanjit Singh Channi and Sukhjinder Singh Randhawa and some other MLAs in the past one week, the deadlock appeared to be unresolved. Manpreet and Channi told the chief minister on Monday to call the cabinet meeting and discuss the issue with all the ministers. The notice for the cabinet meeting was issued by the chief secretary on Monday evening. However, it is not clear whether the CS would attend the cabinet meeting as he had taken half days leave and skipped the May 11 meeting which was conducted by additional chief secretary, home, Satish Chandra in his absence. Though the ministers had announced the officers boycott together, three of them  health minister Balbir Sidhu, medical education minister OP Soni and food minister Bharat Bhushan Ashu  had later attended a Covid-19 meeting in which the chief secretary was also present. Manpreet, Randhawa and Channi did not respond to calls or text messages. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/ncw-slams-assam-news-channel-for-sacking-pregnant-journalist/story-kn9geyahPriDhHtyizFaYI.html</url>
<title>NCW slams Assam news channel for sacking pregnant journalist</title>
<body >The National Commission for Women (NCW) on Tuesday sought an explanation from an Assamese television news channel for reportedly sacking a women journalist because she was pregnant. Ranjita Rabha, a reporter with more than 13 years of experience, was asked to submit her resignation by authorities at PRAG NEWS earlier this month. Her plea for leave without pay was allegedly turned down by the channel. Reports said that the channel terminated her services as the organisation needed only agile persons as reporters and Rabhas pregnancy restricted her abilities. Of all the rights of women, one of the rights is motherhood; however, a recent incident from Assam has exposed the double standards of organisations towards its pregnant employees, a release from the commission said. The Guwahati-based channel blatantly refused salary to the woman journalist and asked her to put down her papers. The NCW condemns the insensitive attitude of the channel towards its pregnant employee, it said. The commission said it was deeply perturbed by the violation of provisions of the maternity benefit act and directed PRAG NEWS for feedback on the incident at the earliest. The Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Act, 2017, provides for paid maternity leave for women for 12 weeks, in addition to paid leave and extension of leave without pay or work from home facilities. Earlier, the India Journalists Union (IJU) and the Network for Women in Media, India (NWMI) also expressed deep shock on Rabhas removal from her job at PRAG NEWS. The NWMI is shocked at the blatant disregard for the law by PRAG NEWS. Its contention that the organisation has no provision for paid leave or any other facility for maternity leave is patently illegal and indefensible, NWMI said in a statement on May 22 urging the channel to reinstate Rabha. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 10:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/ten-more-test-positive-for-covid-19-in-himachal-tally-climbs-to-233/story-k1Q4DUmj4v9o8eBrSawlnN.html</url>
<title>24 more test positive for Covid-19 in Himachal, tally climbs to 247</title>
<body > Twenty-four more people tested positive for Covid-19 in Himachal Pradesh on Tuesday, taking the states tally to 247. Fifteen cases were reported in Hamirpur, three each in Kangra and Shimla , two in Chamba and one in Una. With this, the active cases in the state are now 175, said Nipun Jindal, special secretary (health). Hamirpur deputy commissioner Harikesh Meena said people who tested positive have a travel history to Mumbai and other places. They were under institutional quarantine. In Shimla district, a man from Rohru sub-division has tested positive for the virus. He had returned from Pune on May 19 and was under institutional quarantine. Two more cases were reported in the evening. They were quarantined at Deha in Theog sub-division. Two cases were reported from Chamba. Hailing from the same family, the duo returned from Saharanpur and were under institutional quarantine. Three members of a family,including a 40-year-old man, his wife and childrena aged three and seven, have tested positive in Gopalpur village of Kangras Palampur sub-division. They had travelled from Gandhinagar in Gujarat on May 20, Kangra DC Rakesh Kumar Prajapati said. Two of their co-travelers had tested positive on Monday. One case was reported from Una. The patient returned from Delhi on May 19 and was under institutional quarantine. Himachal has witnessed a spurt in Covid-19 cases after May 4 with 207 people testing positive for the virus. As many as 155 cases have been reported over the week. So far, a total of 247 cases have been reported including five fatalities. Three men and two women are among the dead. Hamirpur was the worst-hit district with 77 cases followed by Kangra with 62 cases. Thirty-one have been reported in Una, 20 each in Solan and Chamba, 11 each in Mandi and Bilaspur, nine in Shimla, four in Sirmaur, and one in Kullu. As many as 63 people have recovered. COVID PATIENT CREMATED AMID PROTEST BY VILLAGERS A 62-year-old woman, who died due to Covid-19 at Lal Bahadur Shashtri Government Medical College (LBSGMC), Nerchowk on Monday, was cremated by the villagers on Tuesday. The district authorities have marked a cremation ground on the banks of Suketi rivulet at Kansa in Dadaur ward of Nerchowk Municipal Council. However, when the deceaseds body was being taken for cremation, over 100 villagers led by the local councillor began protesting. Protestors even blocked the path to the cremation ground with boulders. They demanded that there was a cremation ground at the deceaseds native village Ratti and she should be cremated there. As the protest escalated, Balh SDM Ashish Sharma and Mandi DSP Anil Patial rushed to the spot and tried to convince the villagers. Later, the cremation took place amid heavy security. Police had to deploy quick-reaction teams to avert any untoward incidents as villagers were unrelenting. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/gurugram-to-fund-garbage-collection-in-faridabad/story-YZvH8cTZKWpBltPHc4FugP.html</url>
<title>Gurugram to fund garbage collection in Faridabad</title>
<body >Gurugram: The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) will incur expenses for waste collection in Faridabad, where the lockdown has further hit cash-strapped local civic bodys revenues, said officials on Monday. MCG officials said the Faridabad civic body was further short of funds and unable to pay the tipping fees to the waste collection concessionaire Ecogreen Private Limited for April. Subsequently, the Haryana government directed MCG to pay tipping fees to Ecogreen on behalf of the Municipal Corporation of Faridabad (MCF) from this month. The state government asked us to pay our waste concessionaire the tipping fees for the MCF starting this month. Accordingly, we have complied and started helping MCF monetarily, said Vinay Pratap Singh, commissioner, MCG. In August 2017, the MCG, MCF, and Haryana government signed a joint-agreement with Ecogreen for the door-to-door collection of waste in Gurugram and Faridabad. As part of the agreement, the two civic bodies have to pay Ecogreen 1,000 for every tonne of waste collected as tipping fees on a monthly basis. According to Ecogreen officials, they collect around 1,200 tonnes of waste from Gurugram every day and 900 tonnes from Faridabad. The MCF pays around 2.5-3 crore for waste collection in Faridabad and MCG pays 3.5-4 crore every month, depending on the final load. Singh said the MCG is paying the tipping fees on behalf of the MCF as a loan, and the Faridabad civic body is expected to pay the sum back when their finances are more stable. In 2010, just two years after its formation, the MCG had lent 150 crore to the MCF. A decade later, MCG officials said these dues are yet to be cleared and added that they wouldnt be funding MCF for any other aspect besides waste collection, unless the state government states otherwise. MCF was formed in 1993. MCF is facing a financial crunch presently. Although they didnt list an exact reason, I believe that to ensure the continuity of services, the state government asked MCG to pay Ecogreen on behalf of MCF. Ultimately, these funds between the MCG and MCF have to be settled and we will be paying MCG for all pending dues, said Yash Garg, commissioner, MCF. Garg said the MCG is only paying funds for waste collection and nothing else, as it is one of the primary signatories in the agreement between Ecogreen, and the two civic bodies. The Haryana government has issued a circular stating that the MCG would be paying tipping fees on behalf of MCF. It is simply an understanding between two municipal corporations, said an official spokesperson for Ecogreen. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/covid-19-cases-surge-in-himachal-state-braces-for-a-long-drawn-battle/story-6rRHChxFpjaAf1tqiVY0YI.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 cases surge in Himachal, state braces for a long-drawn battle</title>
<body >Himachal was on the brink of being declared Covid-free when the state witnessed a surge in coronavirus cases from May 4. Confident that the state had seen the last of the deadly disease, Himachal chief minister Jai Ram Thakur had said the state will become Covid-free by May 5. However, it seems the state is in for a long-drawn battle as the Covid-19 tally of the state has already crossed the 200-mark and cases continue to increase relentlessly. THE SECOND WAVE Himachal had reported its first Covid-19 case on March 20 in Kangra. On April 23, the toll stood at 40 cases, including one fatality. It seemed the worst was behind the state, when no cases were reported till May 3. However, the spell was broken after Himachal opened its borders to facilitate the return of those stranded in other states, triggering a second wave. From May 13, the Shramik special train also started ferrying Himachal residents from Mumbai, which significantly contributed to the spike in cases. FASTER DOUBLING, SLOWER RECOVERY Special secretary (health) Nipun Jindal said at present, the doubling rate of Covid-19 cases in Himachal was 5.9 days, which is troubling as the national average is 15.1 days. Just a week ago, the doubling rate of the disease in Himachal was 10.7 days. The doubling rate sharply increased after a sudden spike in cases after May 20, when Himachals Covid-19 tally crossed the 100-mark, two months (61 days) after it recorded its first case. However, the 200-mark was breached within four days or 65 days after the first case was reported in the state. Over the week, 125 people have tested positive for the disease in the state. The fatality rate of the state is 2.38% against the national average of 2.57%, Jindal said, adding the recovery rate was 30% against the national average of 41%. However, the states testing rate is 3,554 people per million, which is better than the national testing rate of 2,488 per million, Jindal said. 90% CASES ARE RETURNEES Around 90% of the cases recorded during the second surge are returnees. Most of them have travelled back from Mumbai and Delhi. Others came back from Chennai, Bangalore, Goa, West Bengal and Gujarat. As per government data, around 1.30 lakh migrants have returned to the state since April. Around 6,000 people have returned in Shramik special trains while others travelled in private vehicles and buses deployed by the state government. ALL RETURNEES IN INSTITUTIONAL QUARANTINE The silver lining amid the grim readings is that most of the returnees found positive were institutionally quarantined and there is no community transmission. Only one case of community transmission has been reported from Chamba where a Covid-19 positive man infected four others. WORST HIT, COVID-FREE DISTRICTS Hamirpur, Kangra and Una are the worst hit districts in the state accounting for 68% of the cases. Till date, Hamirpur has reported 63 cases, followed by Kangra with 59 cases and Una with 30 cases. Kangra has the highest population while Hamirpur has the highest population density in the state. A significant number of people in both states are working in other states. WHAT LIES NEXT? The Covid-19 cases in the state are likely to increase in the coming days. Till date, the state has tested 28,000 samples for Covid-19. Given, the large number of returnees who are yet to be tested, there seems to be no relief in the near future. The state government has now authorised district magistrates to extend the lockdown, if the situation requires, till June 30. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:48 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/long-jumper-sreeshankar-resumes-training-redraws-plan/story-dxCme4bZDpY2wpaJz4Ny8H.html</url>
<title>Long-jumper Sreeshankar resumes training, redraws plan</title>
<body >Aim for a good take-off and soar beyond 8.22m. That was the plan. With that in mind, long-jumper Murali Sreeshankar left Palakkad for Patiala on March 16. Getting to that coveted mark would have sealed a ticket to Tokyo for Sreeshankar, 21. But Covid-19 led to the two legs of the Indian Grands Prix in Patiala, the Olympics and all sport being put on hold. I was all prepared for a big jump. Instead, it turned out to be a big disappointment, said Sreeshankar, who holds the national record of 8.20m, set in Bhubaneswar in 2018. The only consolation: I could reach home on March 20 before the nationwide lockdown. But as precautionary measure, I opted for 14 days self-quarantine, said the third year science student. Sreeshankar has now revised his plan. The emphasis (now) is more on strength and mobility since there will be no competition in next four-five months, he said, over the phone from Palakkad in Kerala. After the Union sports ministry came out with the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) to resume sporting activities, the local medical college has opened its sports facilities for the national champion. Sreeshankar can now train outside the national camp with his father S Murali, a former international triple jumper. It felt good when I stepped on the track for the first time in two months. I could feel the spring in my strides but took it easy, said Sreeshankar. Im lucky to have the facilities opened for me; I can train in isolation. It is just 1.5km from my house. Big challenge The international athlete says coping with uncertainty due to coronavirus is a big challenge. There is no domestic competition. The international calendar is in jeopardy. And with Covid-19 cases spiking, it is scary to think of travelling from one city to another for competition when domestic events start mid-September. Since Sreeshankar had invested in barbells and weights last season, he could stay fit during the lockdown. I have incorporated long weight training sessions ranging from two to three hours, thrice a week in the altered schedule. The drills include squats and deadlifts. The focus during 90 minutes training session in the morning is on general fitness including mobility exercises. All the hard work should help me perform consistently on the outdoor circuit, he said. After setting national record in October 2018, 2019 didnt go well for Sreeshankar. An injury on the left (take-off) leg (left) in February robbed him of vital training sessions. Even though he recovered by April, chances of producing another big leap diminished, said Sreeshankar. At the 2019 World Championships in Doha, his best of 7.62m fetched him a disappointing 22nd place in the preliminary round. Sreeshankar attributed it to the combination of a change in training regimen and failing to cope with the pressure of a marquee event. Firstly, Volker Herrmann (high performance director with Athletics Federation of India) made some changes in training. The emphasis was more on strength and I wasnt able to adapt to the new system. Secondly, I was also nervous during the competition and couldnt get into a good rhythm, he said. That phase is over, said Sreeshankar, adding that it has been a lesson well learnt. Im home and training under my father, he said. Asked what kept him going during the months of confinement, he said: Lifting barbells in my backyard. It has boosted my confidence. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 16:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/is-noc-from-cara-mandatory-for-adoption-punjab-and-haryana-hc-to-centre/story-9ntET8ipueoMkTRS45pPrO.html</url>
<title>Is NOC from CARA mandatory for adoption: Punjab and Haryana HC to Centre</title>
<body >The Punjab and Haryana high court has asked ministry of external affairs (MEA) to apprise it whether for adoption under the Hindu Adoption and Maintenance Act (HAMA)-1956, no objection certificate (NOC) from the Central Adoption Resource Authority (CARA) is mandatory. The response was sought on the plea from a two- year- old girl, adopted by an NRI couple. She was one of the twins born to a Jalandhar couple and subsequently adopted by NRI sister of her natural mother. They had applied for passport, but it was refused on the ground that there was no NOC from CARA. It is a statutory body for adoption of Indian children and is mandated to monitor and regulate in-country and inter-country adoptions. CARA is established under Juvenile Justice Act (JJA), 2015. The girl was born in November 2017 to a Sikh family in Jalandhar. She was adopted as per Sikh rites performed at a local Gurdwara as both the sides of parents were Sikhs to which a certificate too was issued. An adoption deed was executed between both the parents in November 2018 under the Hindu Adoption and Maintenance Act (as applicable to Sikhs). Thereafter, the family applied for girls passport which was rejected by authorities stating that NOC from CARA was mandatory. As per petitioner girls advocate SS Nara, Section 56 (3) of the JJ Act 2015 states that the provisions of the JJ Act would not be applicable to the adoption of children made under the provisions of HAMA, latter being a special law. JJ Act does not override the provisions of HAMA Act, it was argued adding that in view of this passport cannot be denied. On the other hand, Central government counsel had argued it is a mandatory procedure for the adoption to be ratified by CARA, even though JJ Act would not be applicable to an adoption under HAMA. There are notifications which categorically state that the Hague Convention itself mandates adoptions to be through CARA alone, the counsel had added. The bench of justice Jaishree Thakur sought Centres response observing that a pertinent question has been raised whether an NOC is to be obtained and whether the provisions of the JJ Act would apply to adoptions under HAMA. Let a detailed reply be filed by the respondents raising all objections therein and by placing on record all notifications as relied upon, the bench said posting the matter for June 10. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/denied-admission-to-enter-village-odisha-youth-gets-quarantined-in-his-car/story-9fbxFSbZ2OKL96Dgx1i48N.html</url>
<title>Denied admission to enter village, Odisha youth gets quarantined in his car</title>
<body >A 30-year-old man in Odishas Covid-19 hotspot of Ganjam district has been forced to quarantine himself in his car for the last six days as villagers have not allowed him to enter the village. Madhaba Patra, a videographer staying in an apartment of Berhampur town in Ganjam district had gone to Bihar on some business-related trip on May 3 and returned after three days. As Patra had no symptoms of coronavirus, he was allowed by the administration to stay in home quarantine in Berhampur as per norms. After completing his quarantine period of 14 days in his apartment at Berhampur he tested negative for coronavirus, officials said. After completing the 14-day quarantine period, he went to his village Dolaba in Sanakhemundi block of Ganjam in his car on the day cyclone Amphan was to pass by Odisha coast. But a day after his arrival, the husband of a local anganwadi worker and some other villagers opposed Patras entry to the village and insisted that he undergo another round of quarantine. I tried to reason with the villagers that I have tested negative for Covid-19 and spent the mandatory 14 days in home quarantine. I showed my certificate. However, no one seemed to believe me and asked me to stay in the institutional quarantine in a school near the village, said Patra. The matter even reached the local police station, where the officials tried to make the villagers see reason. However, they insisted that the youth has to stay in quarantine. But unwilling to stay in the quarantine centre running in the school where several migrant workers too stayed, Patra said he would rather stay in his car. There is a risk of getting infected in institutional quarantine where many migrant workers are housed. So I decided to stay in my car. If I have to stay in quarantine twice, there is no point. Once I tested negative in Covid test and completed home quarantine I should have been free to go anywhere, he said. The Basudevpur grampanchayat sarpanch decided that Patra needed to spend a week in quarantine. Ganjam has the highest number of Covid-19 cases in Odisha at 358. Patra who parked himself near the quarantine centre is served food from there and gets to use the bathrooms and toilets at the facility. He sleeps in his car. Sanakhemundi Block Development Officer Gayatridutta Nayak said the youth will complete his quarantine on May 27 and can visit his home. Under Odishas new quarantine protocol for village areas, one has to be in institutional quarantine for seven days followed by home quarantine for another seven days. Earlier this month, a 30-year-old man in Odishas Balasoredistrict had to spend three days in the toilet of his home before he wasshifted to a school because the village did not have a quarantine centre. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/punjab-no-more-among-10-worst-coronavirus-hit-states/story-G2YG6cj0bFcljot0fGK4fO.html</url>
<title>Punjab no more among 10 worst coronavirus-hit states</title>
<body >In what is being seen as a relief to the Capt Amarinder Singh-led Punjab government, the state does not figure on the list of Indias 10 worst coronavirus-hit states anymore. The state now is on the 12th position, the latest data shows. It was on May 3 when Punjab, after a sharp spike in Covid-19 cases in the wake of the return of pilgrims to Takht Hazur Sahib in Maharashtras Nanded, entered the list of 10 worst-hit states. The state improved in ranking as Bihar (2,686) and Karnataka (2,180) added several cases in past few days, as per the data of the Union health and family welfare ministry till May 25. As per the governments figures, Punjab has reported 2,081 cases so far. The 10 worst-affected states are Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Delhi, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh apart from Bihar and Karnataka. Punjabs neighbouring state Haryana was on 16th rank whereas Jammu and Kashmir is on 14th place. A sharp decline in new cases is the last fortnight or so is being seen as the biggest reason behind Punjabs exit from the list of 10 worst-hit states. In the in last 10 days, the state has reported 135 new cases, a moderate spike when compared with many states. Also, the states doubling rate has improved in the last three weeks. The rate, which was just three days on May 5, has now increased to 98 days. As against 4-5% daily increase in cases as per national figures, the states increase in cases varies between 0 and 1% in the past week. Already, Punjab is on the top among all the states in terms of patients recovery rate which is over 92%, more than double the national average. Four districts  Ferozepur, Mansa, Moga and Taran Taran  have reported no new cases in the last two weeks. SAS Nagar and Sangrur, which too had no fresh cases during the same period, had fresh cases on Tuesday. On Tuesday, six districts  Rupnagar, Moga, Fatehgarh Sahib, Ferozepur, Fazilka and Mansa  had no Covid-19 case, while SAS Nagar, Sangrur, Muktsar, Faridkot, Bathinda and Barnala have active case presently. All this is the result of our containment strategy and the strong follow-up by our teams monitoring the suspected patients. If all goes well, we will improve further in the coming days, state Covid-19 nodal officer Dr Rajesh Bhaskar said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-update-karnataka-to-reopen-temples-for-worship-from-june-1/story-2r4wVjUnPEOAJtxRg0dJUJ.html</url>
<title>Covid update: Karnataka to reopen temples for worship from June 1</title>
<body >Karnataka has decided to allow temples to reopen for worship from the first of June as part of a gradual resumption of activities in the state, according to Muzrai minister Kota Srinivas Poojary. The state will issue a standard operating protocol (SOP) in this regard which is being formulated. This was decided in a meeting of the Muzrai (temple endowment) minister with chief minister B S Yediyurappa in which a number of other decisions regarding the ministry were also taken. Also, nearly 50 prominent temples will offer online booking of sevas (service) and poojas (prayers) to ensure social distancing norms are maintained even as traditions are continued. E-donations will also be encouraged for meeting the dual purpose. For Coronavirus Live Updates Since March 24, all temple gatherings and festivities have been banned due to the ongoing pandemic, with rituals being carried out only by sevadars and priests. The temples in the state are estimated to have lost Rs 200 crore in offerings especially in March-June, considered to be the prime season on the temple circuit because of school holidays. Department officials said churches, mosques, gurudwaras and other places of worship would also be open but will have to adhere to the same SOPs that will be released soon. Karnataka also decided to build new choultries (subsidised inn for pilgrims) at a cost of Rs 200 crore in Tirumala located in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, which is visited by lakhs of pilgrims from the state. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 Central guidelines, governing the fourth phase of lockdown that ends on May 31, prohibit the resumption of mass gatherings at religious places. Followers have demanded that religious activities are also allowed with restrictions in place. The centre, however, has allowed the observance of death rituals with maximum 20 people in attendance. As on Tuesday, Karnataka has a total of 2182 positive cases of coronavirus as per the data available with the home ministry. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/bihar-man-on-way-back-home-from-gujarat-dies-on-board-shramik-special-train/story-cwfBIs9wHDqHAglEzqS01N.html</url>
<title>Bihar man, on way back home from Gujarat, dies on board Shramik Special train</title>
<body >A migrant worker on his way home in Bihar from Vapi in Gujarat, died aboard a Shramik Special train on Tuesday, a police official said. The deceased, identified as 55-year-old Lal Babu Kamati, was a resident of Jale Police Station area in Darbhanga district. He reportedly died somewhere between Kiul and Bhagalpur stations in Bihar. Kamati, who worked as a security guard in Vapi, had boarded the train on May 23 along with his wife and three daughters. Anil Kumar Singh, SHO, Bhagalpur RPF post, confirmed Kamatis death during the train journey. The deceaseds family said he had some previous health complications, the police officer added. Kamatis family also suspected that extreme heat conditions could have been a factor in his death. Meanwhile, a migrant worker in Darbhanga district who had arrived from Delhi on May 24, died at a block quarantine centre at Jale late on Monday night. The deceased, identified as Nurul Saddaf, worked as cook in a hotel in Delhis Sadar Bazaar area. He had been staying at the quarantine centre since his return. He developed sudden breathing complication on Monday night. Nobody responded to the call on the landline number at Jale referral hospital for medical emergency, alleged one of the inmates  of the quarantine centre. Following Saddafs death, Jale police station in-charge Dilip Pathak, block development officer (BDO) Rajesh Kumar, circle officer (CO) Anil Kumar and Jale chief medical officer (CMO) Gangesh Jha rushed to quarantine centre early morning on Tuesday. The CMO said that the deceased was taken for burial after his sample was collected to test for Covid-19. Sources said that the relatives of deceased were provided PPE kits for burial. In another incident in the state, 19-year-old Ramu Kumar died of electric shock at a quarantine centre in Bahera village under Kusheshwarasthan (East) block on Monday evening. He had arrived from Delhi by Shramik special train on May 22. According to reports, the deceased was trying to fix a wire of a table fan when he got electrocuted. Darbhanga DM Thiyagrajan SM has asked Biraul SDO and DSP to investigate the incident. The DM said further action will be taken after receipt of enquiry report. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 22:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/travel/the-worst-is-behind-us-with-suitcase-and-bikini-emojis-spain-urges-tourists-back-from-july-post-coronavirus-lockdown/story-UG4NRFo6r9o1aFMGxe3o6M.html</url>
<title>The worst is behind us: With suitcase and bikini emojis, Spain urges tourists back from July post coronavirus lockdown</title>
<body >Spain revised down its coronavirus death toll on Monday and urged foreign holidaymakers to return from July as it eases one of Europes strictest lockdowns, though tourism businesses were sceptical about salvaging the summer season. The worlds second-most visited nation closed its doors and beaches in March to handle the COVID-19 pandemic, later imposing a two-week quarantine on overseas visitors. But that requirement will be lifted from July 1, a government statement said. The worst is behind us, Foreign Minister Arancha Gonzalez Laya tweeted with emojis of a bikini, sunglasses and a suitcase. In July we will gradually open Spain to international tourists, lift the quarantine, ensure the highest standards of health safety. We look forward 2 welcoming you! The worst is behind us. In JULY we will  gradually open  to international tourists lift the quarantine  ensure the highest standards of health safety We look forward 2 welcoming you! #safety #security #sustainability @MAECgob @mincoturgob @desdelamoncloa Arancha Gonzlez (@AranchaGlezLaya) May 25, 2020 The worst is behind us. In JULY we will  gradually open  to international tourists lift the quarantine  ensure the highest standards of health safety We look forward 2 welcoming you! #safety #security #sustainability @MAECgob @mincoturgob @desdelamoncloa Introduced on May 15 with little warning, the quarantine caused confusion in the tourism industry and tension with  neighbouring France. By lifting it, the government hopes to make up for the earlier communication breakdown and be in a stronger position to attract foreign tourists this summer. Spain normally draws 80 million people a year, with tourism accounting for over 12% of gross domestic product and an even bigger share of jobs, so the summer season is crucial to possibilities of mitigating a looming recession. The health ministry also revised the death toll lower by nearly 2,000 to 26,834 after checking data provided by regions, and said just 50 people had died of the virus over the past week, a marked fall from previous weeks. The total number of cases has also been revised down to 235,400. Bars and restaurants in Madrid and Barcelona were allowed to open outside spaces at half capacity from Monday, but many stayed closed as owners weighed the value of catering to just a few. Some of those who did open were pessimistic. Its complicated, we are not going to be able to save the tourist season, unless (enough) foreigners come, said Alfonso Gomez, a restaurant owner in Barcelona. PARK PLEASURE Passersby enjoying new-found freedoms were more upbeat. This is great, I was really looking forward to it. And so was my dog! said interior designer Anna Pardo, walking her pet in the sunshine as Madrilenos were allowed back into the main Retiro park. Others jogged and chatted in the Retiros shaded alleys or stopped to enjoy its lake, devoid of the usual rowing boats. While most pupils in Spain still need to study online, some schools reopened in the northern Basque region. Students temperature was taken as they entered wearing masks. The prospect of foreign tourism from July lifted shares of tourism-related stocks, including hotel operator Melia Hotels which closed more than 26% higher. The tourism and leisure sector tops areas getting most support from state-backed credit lines meant to help businesses. It has received 6.4 billion euros of the 38 billion euros ($41 billion) granted over recent weeks, according to data from state credit agency ICO. Jose Carlos Ramon, head of Madrids restaurants association AMER, said only one in four bars and restaurants in the capital has a terrace and reopening is costly. In Spain as a whole, only about 15% have reopened, he said. The government is due to discuss on Tuesday how to move on with the gradual phasing out of the lockdown. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed. ) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/germany-wants-to-end-travel-warning-for-31-european-countries-report/story-WFLjtYRKQNErgNBwPbBNIO.html</url>
<title>Germany wants to end travel warning for 31 European countries: Report</title>
<body >The German government wants to end a travel warning for tourist trips to 31 European countries from June 15 if the coronavirus situation allows, magazine Focus on Tuesday cited dpa news agency as reporting. It said a paper on European tourism that may be agreed by the cabinet on Wednesday showed the government wanted to allow travel to the 26 other European Union nations and Britain as well as the four non-EU countries in the Schengen passport-free zone - Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. On May 18, Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said Germany was hoping to ease a travel warning on all tourist trips abroad that is in place until June 15. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 11:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/locusts-invade-maharashtra-alert-in-mathura-and-delhi-as-swarm-expands-area/story-OLiq6r1QGebKQ5Mwh6bCYO.html</url>
<title>Locusts invade Maharashtra, alert in Mathura and Delhi as swarm expands area</title>
<body >More parts of India are under locust attack now. The migratory pests have invaded eastern Maharashtra where four to five villages have come under attack from the locusts. The locusts are known for feasting on all sorts of plants and standing crops. The district and agriculture department personnel in Maharashtra have initiated chemical spraying on crops and vegetation to save them from the migratory pests. AlsoWatch: Crop-eating locusts wreak havoc in Rajasthan  MP  The swarm of desert locusts entered the state from Amravati district. It then went to Wardha and now it is in Nagpurs Katol tehsil, Joint director of agriculture department, Ravindra Bhosale, told news agency PTI. He further said that locusts do not travel in the night. The migratory pests travel during the day time and fly as per the wind direction. Locusts are very dangerous to all types of vegetation. They feed on green leaves and known for devouring crops spread across on acres of land, he added. In Uttar Pradeshs Mathura, the district administration has formed a task force to deal with any potential locust attack in the district. The administration decided to go for early preparation keeping in view the growing locust threat. After crossing Pakistan, swarms of locusts entered India through Rajasthan on April 11. On Monday, locusts entered some residential areas of the Jaipur city. Mathura district magistrate said 200-litre Chloropyriphos has been kept as a reserve and its sellers in the area were advised not to supply the chemical outside the district. He said over a dozen tractors mounted with sprayers were kept on standby and fire brigade department asked to remain alert. The Union environment ministry had already warned in a statement last week that locust swarms have entered Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh. There is an alert for national capital Delhi. It said Rajasthan is the most affected state and added the swarm has entered the country earlier than expected. The United Nations has warned that armies of locusts swarming across continents pose a severe risk to Indias agriculture this year. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 19:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/up-fir-against-alka-lamba-for-indecent-remarks-against-pm-modi-yogi-adityanath/story-6Dj0t81MI27ntew3ijM2xI.html</url>
<title>UP: FIR against Alka Lamba for indecent remarks against PM Modi, Yogi Adityanath</title>
<body >An FIR has been registered against Congress leader Alka Lamba at Lucknows Hazratganj police station over her indecent and objectionable remarks against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. The complaint was filed against Lamba by Dr Preeti Verma, member of the Uttar Pradesh Child Protection Commission. The FIR has been lodged under sections 504, 505(1)(b) and 505(2) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). In a video shared by Lamba on Twitter, she was seen slamming Prime Minister Modi and Adityanath and calling the duo impotent, in terms of performing their duties. She went on saying that she spits on their face. She also cornered Prime Minister and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister for playing the Muslim and Dalit card for political gains. Citing Unnao Rape case in which former MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar was involved, she termed Beti Bachao campaign a flop show, alleging that the government has failed to protect daughters of India and provide justice to the victims. Lamba further wrote on Twitter that the video she shared is 2-year old, which has been seen by nearly one crore people so far. When blind Bhakts (devotees) could not find anything against me, then they searched this old video for FIR, she wrote. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/up-government-releases-2-257-convicts-on-parole/story-gyvFag6prAZSLm2LiD5btI.html</url>
<title>UP government releases 2,257 convicts on parole</title>
<body >The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday released 2,257 convicts, lodged in different jails in Lucknow, on parole for eight weeks. Click here for fullCovid-19 coverage In March, the Supreme Court had directed decongesting of prisons in a bid to maintain social distancing amid the coronavirus outbreak. Earlier, the Maharashtra government announced that it would give temporary parole to 17,000 inmates out of 35,000 lodged in different jails. The decision was taken after over 150 inmates at Mumbais Arthur Road Jail were found to be Covid-19 positive earlier this month. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 10:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/travel/ladakh-tourism-markets-suffer-due-to-covid-19/story-TizfznSwGTYiphAX1aWFEO.html</url>
<title>Ladakh tourism, markets suffer due to COVID-19</title>
<body >Tourism, which is the backbone of economic activity in Ladakh, has been severely affected due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Shopkeepers are also incurring losses in their business due to the lockdown. Streets and markets in the town lie deserted amid lockdown. People who are directly associated with the tourism industry such as hotels, tour operators, commercial vehicles, guides, porters and others are finding it hard to cope with the situation. Our business has been adversely affected because of COVID-19 and tourism has been adversely affected. Earlier there used to be lots of tourists at this time of the year. Right now, you will not find any tourist here, Lobzang Chukee, a shopkeeper, told ANI. Ladakh completely depends on tourism. We have opened a few shops but we do not have any customers as people are not coming out of their houses and local transportation is not available. Currently, our situation is not good. Medicines and liquor industry is not affected much while those who are involved in travel and tourism business are facing daily hardships, another shop owner said. The COVID-19 pandemic has created havoc for the travel and tourism sector with as many as 40 per cent of companies facing the risk of a complete shutdown in the next three to six months. While another 35.7 per cent may go for a temporary shutdown, according to a recently-concluded survey by BOTT Travel Sentiment Tracker in partnership with seven national associations.Its findings show that 81 per cent travel and tourism companies have lost their revenue up to 100 per cent while 15 per cent of the companies have witnessed it slide up to 75 per cent. Ladakh has reported 52 COVID-19 cases so far, of which 43 are currently active cases, said Union Health Ministry. (This story has been published from a wire agency without modifications to the text) Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/unless-operational-constraints-for-firms-are-removed-amending-labour-laws-won-t-work/story-PI5CMzHyM12P3CO5b54w2L.html</url>
<title>Unless operational constraints for firms are removed, amending labour laws wont work</title>
<body >The impact of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) and the associated lockdown in India on firms, workers and employment has been devastating in many ways. From migrants desperately trying to get back home to small businesses and their workers struggling to keep afloat, the true economic effects of the pandemic are only starting to materialise. As policymakers weigh their options on reviving the economy after the lockdown, they face crucial questions on how to stimulate employment and encourage new business creation. Along these lines, several state governments (for example, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat) have already announced amendments to the application of their labour laws over the last month. The amendments include exempting businesses from the purview of most labour law provisions for the next three years, flexibility to increase working hours, and exemptions from labour department inspections. Labour laws have always been a contentious issue in the Indian context, with over 200 state laws and around 50 central laws governing various aspects of the employee-employer relationship, ranging from closing establishments and hiring/firing workers to payment of minimum wages and ensuring safe working conditions for workers. While these amendments come with the prospect of stimulating labour demand, one needs to be cautious that such a drastic dismantling of labour laws does not turn counterproductive. There are conflicting views among economists on the effects of easing labour regulations in India, on job creation and growth. On the one hand, while some research suggests that relaxing these laws (especially in the early 1990s) did lead to more employment and output, others have argued that, in fact, labour laws have not changed much on paper, but their enforcement has been substantially relaxed in practice. What does the latest data have to say on this? According to the World Bank Enterprise Survey for India 2014, less than 5% of surveyed firms actually reported labour regulations as being the biggest obstacle for their business. In comparison, a larger proportion of firms reported corruption (19.9%), availability of electricity (15.3%), tax rates (13%), and access to finance (11.7%) as important obstacles. These also echo the opinions of leading Indian industrialists (such as Rajiv Bajaj, Azim Premji and others) who argue that these draconian labour laws are actually not the constraints that are holding back firms. Therefore, relaxing these laws especially after a lockdown might, in fact, further exploit the already vulnerable migrant and temporary contract workers. Moreover, with growing research evidence (from J-PAL, Good Business Lab and others) that links increased worker welfare to improved hiring and job retention, these amendments might negatively affect firm profitability in general over the long-run. It is also unclear whether these labour law exemptions for the next two-to-three years would encourage new business creation. First, in contrast to the labour-related issues, the costs of starting up and formalising businesses in India are very high. The World Banks ease of doing business 2020 report ranks India at 136 out of 190 countries in the ease of starting a business and 154/190 in registering property. Consequently, businesses remain undocumented and informal, making it even harder for current and future policies to benefit them. Second, the courts are extremely congested and slow, with India currently ranking 163/190 in enforcing contracts. Finally, land-related issues have remained another major impediment for the entry of large firms, with many recent cases such as Saudi Aramco facing delays in acquisition. Streamlining and expediting these processes should be prioritised first to encourage new business creation. More important, demands for better working conditions will only increase in a post-Covid-19 world where worker safety and social distancing measures become the norm. As multinationals become more vigilant and demand high labour standards, lack of appropriate worker protection policies, coupled with existing inefficiencies of entering the Indian market might further discourage foreign investment that seeks less reliance on China. To sum up, temporary changes to labour laws and those that impact worker safety, protection and well-being in particular, can at best result in short-term benefits to firms. Without resolving the actual constraints faced by firms, both entrepreneurs and workers stand to lose in the long-run. The lockdown has presented unprecedented challenges to policymakers in tackling the disruption of labour markets. In order to have long-run effects, researches from across the world suggest that labour market reforms must be developed in consultation with both firms and workers. As governments decide on policies to revive the economy, striking a balance between protecting the vulnerable workforce, while mitigating actual operational constraints for firms, should be the way forward. Ritam Chaurey is assistant professor, Johns Hopkins SAIS, and Gaurav Chiplunkar is assistant professor, Darden Business School, University of Virginia The views expressed are personal </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 17:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/biker-arrested-for-crashing-into-constable-on-duty-at-bkc/story-HMpMsY0YWuAX1S71GZndyJ.html</url>
<title>Biker arrested for crashing into constable on duty at BKC</title>
<body >A 26-year-old man was arrested for crashing his bike into a 30-year-old woman police constable at Bandra Kurla complex on Sunday evening. The constable Swati Todkar was on duty at a checkpoint near MTNL junction at BKC when she signalled and asked the motorist Mubin Ismail Shaikh to stop. Anand Muley, senior police inspector from BKC police station said, Instead of slowing down and stopping, Mubin accelerated his vehicle and rammed into the constable, before escaping from the check post. The constable suffered injuries to her head, left hand and knee, added Muley. Mubin was caught after another constable Satish Mahale chased the motorcyclist and nabbed him near Bharatnagar. Mubin was arrested and booked under relevant sections of Indian Penal Code and Epidemic Diseases Act. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/regional-movies/kurup-to-be-dulquer-salmaan-s-most-expensive-film-with-a-budget-of-rs-35-crore/story-sHjar7bBTjYOj1SxpxUbyM.html</url>
<title>Kurup to be Dulquer Salmaans most expensive film with a budget of Rs 35 crore</title>
<body >The makers of Kurup have revealed that the film, which has been made on a budget of Rs 35 crore, will be the most expensive film of Dulquer Salmaans career. Directed by Srinath Rajendran, Kurup will narrate the story of Sukumara Kurup. He is a family man who, after reading about a crime involving  insurance money embezzlement in Germany, gets motivated to get insured and script his own death and get his hands on the money. Heres a little surprise for Eid ! Another poster from our most ambitious "Kurup" ! In an ideal world today the film would have released in theatres all over. But guess we will have to make do with a poster release ! @DQsWayfarerFilm #MStarCommunications pic.twitter.com/Yo1NB9M4Nx dulquer salmaan (@dulQuer) May 24, 2020 Heres a little surprise for Eid ! Another poster from our most ambitious "Kurup" ! In an ideal world today the film would have released in theatres all over. But guess we will have to make do with a poster release ! @DQsWayfarerFilm #MStarCommunications pic.twitter.com/Yo1NB9M4Nx While Dulquer Salmaan plays the titular character, Sobhita Dhulipala also stars opposite him. This will be her maiden full-length Malayalam film. In his career, this is the biggest budget film that Dulquer has ventured into. Its made on a budget of Rs. 35 crore and has been shot in places such as Kerala, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Mangalore and Mysore) and UAE, read the statement. Also read: Eid 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Sara Ali Khan wish Eid mubarak, Sonam Kapoor says Thank you for praying for us On Sunday, a new smashing poster from the film was unveiled. Dulquer took to Twitter to share the poster. Heres a little surprise for Eid! Another poster from our most ambitious Kurup. In an ideal world today the film would have released in theatres all over. But guess we will have to make do with a poster release! (sic), he wrote. Its a wrap on #Kurup, my first full-fledged Malayalam film that is eccentric and endearing at once. As I type this, it occurs to me that this is the first wrap post Im documenting so Ill just do it here online. This film is special for its obvious reasons like the astute pic.twitter.com/msgCi901I2 Sobhita Dhulipala (@sobhitaD) February 23, 2020 Its a wrap on #Kurup, my first full-fledged Malayalam film that is eccentric and endearing at once. As I type this, it occurs to me that this is the first wrap post Im documenting so Ill just do it here online. This film is special for its obvious reasons like the astute pic.twitter.com/msgCi901I2 On being part of the project, Sobhita recently tweeted: Its a wrap on Kurup, my first full-fledged Malayalam film That is eccentric and endearing at once. As I type this, it occurs to me that this is the first wrap post Im documenting so Ill just do it here online, Sobhita tweeted. She said that the film is special for its obvious reasons like the astute direction by happy hippie Srinath, aided by prodigies Nimish, Banglan, Praveen and the most wonderful, buoyant co-actor Dulquer. In the film, shes rumoured to be playing Dulquers wife. Talking about the experience of being part of the project, she wrote: What makes my experience intimate is that it caused/coincided with - perhaps unknowingly, a growth spurt in me as much emotionally as creatively. Ive had distinct landmark moments in my life that have been character building. This is one such affair. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/yogi-wants-migration-commission-set-up-on-war-footing-even-as-raj-thackeray-fumes-over-his-proposal/story-raVxdRoUkd076IZPgRdw3M.html</url>
<title>Yogi wants migration commission set up on war footing, even as Raj Thackeray fumes over his proposal</title>
<body >Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath on Monday has asked state officials to expedite the setting up of the migration commission meant to provide jobs to migrant workers returning to Uttar Pradesh due to the ongoing lockdown in the country and to safeguard their rights. The instruction comes amid a brewing political controversy that saw Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray shoot a sharp retort to Adityanaths claim made on Sunday that workers from UP were ill treated in other states, which, he added, will now have to obtain UP governments permission to hire manpower from the state. The migration commission will work in the interest of the migrant workers. If any other state wants UPs manpower, they cannot take them away just like that. Those states will have to do it with the consent and permission of the UP government. The way our migrant workers were ill-treated in those states, the UP government will take their insurance, social security in its hands now. The UP government will stand with them wherever they work, whether in Uttar Pradesh, other states or other countries, he had said. Following up on his assertion, Yogi issued the directives to constitute the commission on Monday at a meeting of his Team-11 convened to review the lockdown situation here. Yes, chief minister Yogi Adityanath has asked for making efforts on a war-footing to set up the migration commission. The commission will be set up in the next few days in accordance with the existing provisions of law, said chief secretary RK Tiwari. Asked if the state government would study the Centres Inter State Migrant Workmen Act or go for enacting a new law to set up the commission, Tiwari said, Our basic objective is to watch the welfare of migrant labourers and ensure that they get their wages. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 The state governments proposal mandating prior permission for jobs in other states may, however, face legal scrutiny, with experts saying there cant be any restriction on doing business in any part of the country. The Constitution of India provides a fundamental right allowing every citizen free movement and the right to do business anywhere in India. The state government can enact any law for welfare of migrant labourers. It, however, cannot restrict these rights, said former advisor to governor and legal expert CB Pandey. UP CMs proposal has also not gone down well with Raj Thackeray who said Maharashtra should also allow entry only to a restricted group of workers from UP that register with the state. ...If such is the case, then any migrant entering Maharashtra too would need to take permissions from us, from the Maharashtra state, our police force. Shri Adityanath needs to take cognizance of this, one of Thackerays tweets on the issue stated on Sunday. Thackeray added that such workers should also be denied voting rights in Maharashtra. Also, the migrant workers from UP will have voting rights only in UP. As per rules laid down, a voter can only vote from one place and cannot exercise their voting rights in two places. This fact needs to be realised by CM Adityanath, by Maharashtra and other states too, he said in another tweet. About 25 lakh migrant labourers have already returned to UP. The state government is carrying out an exercise for skill mapping of the migrant labourers. An official spokesman said, the skill mapping so far has indicated that the largest number of 1,51,492 migrant workers have come from the real estate development sector. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/pmc-bank-fraud-pmla-court-denies-interim-bail-to-rakesh-and-sarang-wadhawan/story-bG9yku0XhWryoxEEC1kJFK.html</url>
<title>PMC Bank fraud: PMLA court denies interim bail to Rakesh and Sarang Wadhawan</title>
<body >The special Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) court on Monday refused to grant interim bail to HDIL promoters Rakesh and Sarang Wadhawan in connection with the 6,117.93-crore money laundering case being probed by Enforcement Directorate (ED) in the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) Bank fraud. The duo cited health issues and claimed that there are no proper facilities in the jail amid the Covid-19 outbreak. EDs counsel, Hiten Venegaokar, objecting their plea argued that the Arthur Road jail is in the red zone, and thus no one is permitted to either enter or exit the prison premises. It was further submitted that it is not advisable to allow a prisoner to go out in society and put others at the risk of contamination. Venegaokar also argued that the high-power committee of the Bombay high court has barred interim bail for those accused in cases under PMLA. The special court, after hearing both the sides, rejected the plea of Wadhawans made for interim bail. The central agency initiated probe against the father and son after it came to light that the two obtained loans unlawfully from PMC Bank with the help of other bank officials. ED probed the money laundering allegations against the Wadhawans and listed 19 subsidiary companies of HDIL Group as accused, which allegedly were used by the Wadhawans to launder money. The duo had obtained the loans under the names of these companies. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 23:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/shramik-special-passengers-stole-water-bottles-biscuits-in-up-railways/story-8cP4rUHOaafeUn9CyWtSXK.html</url>
<title>Shramik Special passengers stole water bottles, biscuits in UP: Railways</title>
<body >Migrant workers travelling from Palghat to Bihar Sharif on board a Shramik Special train are alleged to have looted mineral water bottles, cold drinks, snacks and buns from a food stall at the Prayagraj Chheoki railway station on Monday. The workers are also alleged to have damaged the food stall located in the new building of the railway station, informed railway officials. The incident occurred at around 11.40am when the 09399 Shramik Special train way from Palghat to Bihar Sharif arrived at the Prayagraj station. Around 250 passengers of this train carrying around 1,600 migrant workers created ruckus soon after arrival of the train and looted 720 bottles of mineral water, 10 boxes of cold drinks,100 packets of biscuits and namkeen, besides 1,000 packets of mathri (North Indian style crispy crackers) and 720 pieces of buns and other snacks from a food stall located in the new building of the railway station. They also damaged some railway property near the stall during this, said Sunil Gupta, public relation officer (PRO), Prayagraj Division of NCR. These water bottles, cold drinks and snack packets were kept to be distributed among the passengers of the Shramik Special trains itself. The 09399 Shramik Special train left Prayagraj Chheoki railway station at around12.25pm without any further disturbance, he added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 19:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/in-india-s-covid-19-testing-strategy-a-hard-push-from-pm-modi-and-a-dose-of-reality/story-OdltrmDPeTD4BRPUEM0qMP.html</url>
<title>In Indias Covid-19 testing strategy, a hard push from PM Modi and a dose of reality</title>
<body >As India crosses the 1 lakh tests per day milestone and begins work on the next, a senior government official on Monday underlined that Indias testing strategy had evolved to try remain ahead of the virus despite the healthcare infrastructure constraints and ensure that the testing facilities were not overwhelmed in any part of the country. It has been a tough balancing act sometimes in the face of criticism from the media, the official said, requesting anonymity because he isnt authorised to speak with the media. Do remember that the public health system wasnt paralysed this time as it was in 2009 when one of the worst flu pandemics Swine flu reached India. Hundreds died in this pandemic, a government official said. But the 2009 experience led to some attention being paid to strengthen the molecular diagnostic facilities for viruses in India. That came in handy when Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the early days of the Covid-19 outbreak, told the countrys top scientists in and outside the Indian Council of Medical Research to expand testing facilities. You have to work day and night to save peoples lives. Make every effort. You have my full support, PM Modi told them. And then, he and his office kept following up. For this outbreak, we are answerable to the highest level and are being watched by the highest level (officialese for Prime Minister, Dr Nivedita Gupta, the ICMR scientist who executed the effort to set up labs across the country, told Vogues India website, earlier this month. The difficult decision of the national lockdown bought them time as it slowed down the spread of the virus and gave the government time to prepare the healthcare infrastructure to trace, track, test, quarantine and treat people. We adopted an intelligent testing strategy to remain ahead of the virus. So in the beginning when the infection was entering the country from abroad, we centered our efforts to set up the initial burst of laboratories in cities. This focus kept on shifting on the basis of our analysis of the likely hotspots of the infection, a government official explained. Like before the government started allowing the migrants to go back home, testing facilities preceded them in states such as Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and Odisha. That was the most difficult part since India doesnt have a medical college at the district level, and district-level hospitals dont have the specialised set-up. This has been quite challenging as the labs outside the medical college systems have meager experience of handling human infectious material, a health ministry official recalled. All underserved areas were mapped and Covid-19 molecular diagnostic capacity reached in difficult to reach areas such as Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Sikkim, Ladakh, Goa, Andaman  Nicobar Islands. In the big picture, India moved from 13 labs in the first week of February to 123 labs on March 24, the day Prime Minister Narendra Modi ordered a nationwide lockdown. Days before the lockdown is formally lifted later this month-end, India has 609 testing labs in all states and UTs. Jugaad, or a frugal innovation, certainly helped when the imported Chinese testing kits didnt. TrueNat  a diagnostic machine used for testing drug-resistant tuberculosis  was tested and validated by ICMR to screen people for the Sars-Cov-2 virus (which causes the coronavirus disease) to boost testing capacities. Since TrueNat platform comes with an inbuilt sample collection in viral lysis buffer, the virus is inactivated and the biosafety requirements are minimal while handling the sample. There were 367 of these machines in different states for TB diagnosis. These are being used for Covid-19 also . Besides, supplies of 608 additional TrueNAT machines - each has a capacity for 10-12 tests in a day - are also being mobilised to be ready for deployment in June. With supplies of these machines, it would be possible to have Covid-19 testing capacities in districts with no capacity for carrying out the RT-PCR tests, or reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction test that is considered the gold standard for detecting Sars-Cov-2 virus. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 22:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/why-an-absolute-reliance-on-online-examinations-may-not-be-the-answer/story-PQFGIbKfuvXzLgs9YfpkbO.html</url>
<title>Why an absolute reliance on online examinations may not be the answer</title>
<body >Recently, many of Indias leading universities have announced the introduction of online open-book examinations for final year students. The process requires students to have Internet access, the latest smartphone, books and quality study material wherever they are currently locked down. The prospect of online examinations has brought anxiety among students and teachers. The RC Kuhad-led expert committee of the University Grants Commission has recommended other possible modes of evaluation, such as assignment/presentation-based assessments. But due to the extraordinary situation brought by the coronavirus pandemic, e-learning has been projected as a viable substitute for completing educational institutes syllabi. However, in the process, certain basic ground realities have been overlooked. While teachers tried to complete their syllabi using online methods, students struggled to cope with it, with many of them not receptive to the idea for various reasons. An online survey conducted by the Department of Communications, University of Hyderabad, suggests that a majority of the respondents faced problems with online education. Similarly, a survey among the students of Delhi Universitys Lady Shri Ram College revealed that even in the institution where the majority is economically and socially affluent, the students are wary of the prospect of online examinations. A sizeable number of students of central universities are out-station students, who are stuck in their hometowns since the March mid-semester break. Many of them dont have their books and notes with them, and are struggling to cope. A significant section of students is locked down in regions with intermittent Internet access. There are also numerous students who are handicapped simply because they dont have smartphones and laptops. Even students who have smartphones point out, rightly, the severe strain long hours of studying on smartphones bring on their eyes. Besides, many students have had, among other challenges, difficulties coping with contingencies stemming from malfunctioning smartphones and laptops, the inability to easily navigate new apps, and the lack of quality e-resources in Hindi and other languages. A sizeable section of university students is from poorer households where the sheer lack of physical space within homes makes quality and uninterrupted learning a luxury. It is also necessary to factor in the special needs of students with physical disabilities, who may not have access to technologies that support extensive online learning, and instead, depend heavily on special resources and the infrastructure provided within campuses. Likewise, we simply cannot overlook the specific obstacles faced by a large number of women students, who share the burden of routine household chores, increasingly so during the lockdown. Furthermore, the implications of online examinations for the socially- and economically-marginalised students who are concentrated in the open and distance learning (ODL) mode of various universities have to be considered. The ODL mode students are a very large component of many universities. Due to the lack of seats in regular colleges, scores of students, many of whom are first-generation learners, have become dependent on ODL. Can we really expect these students to be in a position to appear for an examination any time soon? Differential learning capacities due to contrasting social backgrounds of students can only be properly addressed through teaching and socialisation nurtured in real classrooms, and not through teachings on virtual platforms. Direct classroom teaching creates a public space in which social and political understanding grow through collective participation of diverse individuals and groups. In contrast, e-learning tends to shift the entire burden of education onto the individual, isolates the learners from a real public space, and makes them overtly dependent on digital technology and gadgets that are synced to homogenised modules of learning. Considering the difficulties with online learning and teaching, and the related pedagogic issues, policymakers, and university administrations must take into account the genuine concerns of students and teachers, and work towards a viable solution that is acceptable and just to all stakeholders. Maya John teaches in Delhi University The views expressed are personal </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/rajasthan-registers-145-new-covid-19-cases-state-count-climbs-to-7-173/story-FZUGWhsDwXqFQBYCnF9H3K.html</url>
<title>Rajasthan registers 145 new Covid-19 cases, state count climbs to 7,173</title>
<body >Rajasthan on Monday reported 145 new Covid-19 positive cases taking the states coronavirus tally to 7,173, the Rajasthan Health Department said. At least 163 patients have succumbed to the deadly coronavirus infection so far. No deaths were reported in the state in the last 24 hours. Currently, there are 3,150 active cases in the state, according to health department data. Among the new cases, the highest number of coronavirus positive patients are from Pali (25), followed by Sikar (22), Jaipur (11), Kota (7) and Dholpur (1). Till date 3,856 coronavirus patients have recovered from the disease and 3,420 have been discharged from hospitals after being cured. With around 7,000 new cases in a day, Indias tally of coronavirus cases surpassed that of Irans as it recorded 1,38,845 till Monday. With this count, India has entered the Top 10 worst-hit countries by the coronavirus pandemic. The other nine countries ahead of India are -- US, Brazil, Russia, Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, France, Germany, and Turkey. India on Monday recorded a jump of 6,977 cases in a single day and 154 deaths in 24 hours, Union Health Ministry data said. Of the total Covid-19 cases, 77,103 are active cases, 57,721 people have been cured while at least 4,021 individuals have lost their lives to the highly infectious disease. However, at least 3,280 people have recovered since Sunday, taking the recovery rate of the country to around 42 per cent. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/bsf-s-exchange-of-sweets-on-eid-reflects-india-s-current-ties-with-pak-bangladesh/story-htZ9HMoR92ESflUlIzgDLI.html</url>
<title>BSFs exchange of sweets on Eid reflects status of Indias  ties with Pak, Bangladesh</title>
<body >The continuing tension between India and Pakistan also showed on the festival of Eid this year when the customary exchange of sweets between the Indian Border Security Force (BSF)and the Pakistani Rangers didnt take place , reported PTI. However, the much improved relations with Bangladesh meant that the two sides exchanged sweets on the holiest festival of Muslims on Monday. India and Pakistans relations have rarely been normal but have worsened from time to time including the current streak of tensions that peaked after Pulwama terror attack on February 14, 2019 that killed at least 40 CRPF personnel. India held a Pakistan based terror group responsible for the attack and carried out air strikes to destroy a Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) terror hideout in Pakistani territory of Balakot. That led to a dogfight between the two countries fighter planes. The tensions only escalated after Indias decision to abrogate Article 370-- which granted Jammu and Kashmir special status-- and bifurcate the state into two union territories. India has since then accused Pakistan of trying to push even more militants into Jammu and Kashmir to destabilize the region and attract international attention. Incidents of cross-border terrorism havent ceased even as nations around the world are busy fighting the coronavirus pandemic. The Indian military establishment has said that the Pakistan is now pushing a greater number of militants through its launch pads across the Line of Control (LoC). The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 In the view of the situation, the exchange of sweets did not take place at any location along the India-Pakistan international border from Jammu to Gujarat, the officials quoted by PTI said. According to the official, the BSF had gone ahead and offered sweets during Diwali last year as well as on its raising day-December 1- and also on the Republic Day on January 26, but it was not met with reciprocation by the Pakistani side. However, the BSF exchanged sweets with its Bangladeshi counterpart-- Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) -- all along the eastern front. India and Bangladesh share a 4,096-km-long international border. BSF and BGB share a very cordial relationship. Both the countries share a similar culture, traditions and festivals. The warmth and bonding between the countries and border-guarding forces reflect during several occasions, when they share the joy of festivals, including during Eid, a statement issued by the south Bengal frontier of the BSF quoted by the PTI said. The south Bengal frontier guards 903 km of the India-Bangladesh border. BSF troops up to the border post level conveyed their best wishes to their companions of Bangladesh. The pleasantries for BGB headquarters were shared at Petrapole (land-border crossing in West Bengal), the statement added. The BSF, during these events, convey its best wishes and good health to its partner, the BGB, with a hope of a better future ahead, it added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 17:55 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/amit-shah-condoles-demise-of-legendary-hockey-player-balbir-singh/story-t7b2Cd7XpSJu7EMneEJLhN.html</url>
<title>Amit Shah condoles demise of legendary hockey player Balbir Singh</title>
<body >Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Monday expressed condolences over the demise of the legendary hockey player, Balbir Singh. The Home Minister also said that Singh left an indelible imprint on the world of hockey with his stick. Pained to learn about the demise of Padma Shri Balbir Singh Sr Ji, a legendary hockey player, who left an indelible imprint on world hockey with his stick, Shah tweeted. I was fortunate to have met the lively and joyful Balbir Ji, a three-time Olympic gold medalist. My condolences to his family, he added. The veteran hockey player had suffered a cardiac arrest on May 12 and after that, he suffered two more cardiac arrests during the course of his admission in the hospital. Balbir Singh passed away this morning, his grandson Kabir said in a statement on Monday. Balbir Singh was a three-time Olympic gold-medal winning champion. He played a key role in Indias Olympic victories in London (1948), as a vice-captain in Helsinki (1952) and as the captain in Melbourne (1956). In his illustrious playing career from 1947-1958, Balbir Sr. won 61 international caps and scored a whopping 246 goals. He was also the manager of the 1975 World Cup-winning team. He was also named as one of the 16 iconic Olympians by the International Olympic Committee in 2012. (The story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:52 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/pune-news/monday-musings-preparing-for-phasing-out-of-lockdown-4-0/story-qRA0OTyLThWj5KyMlAAIVJ.html</url>
<title>Monday Musings: Preparing for phasing out of lockdown 4.0</title>
<body >Now that the economic engine is coming back to life with the gradual phasing out of lockdown 4.0, what should we expect in public places? Will people follow the cardinal rules of prevention from Covid-19 that we are all familiar with? Masks in public places, use of sanitisers, frequent handwash with soap and social distancing? Going by the indications that are available, social distancing is the first casualty that one sees at a number of places. Last week, we reported about this busy pre-dawn market on Satara road where retailers and wholesalers by the hundreds gather every morning to do their trade. There was absolutely no social distancing of any kind in this area which adjoins micro-containment clusters. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, red zone restrictions were lifted on Thursday and as per that order, all market areas and all shops, including salons and garages, could now remain open from 9 am to 5 pm. Although people were wearing masks, here too, social distancing was missing. In Pune, which has seen 248 Covid-19 deaths and 4,600 positive cases as of May 23, a number of shopkeepers are among those who have tested positive for Covid-19. The most glaring case is that of a medical wholesaler in the peth areas where seven shop assistants tested positive and spread the infection to 41 of their contacts in different parts of the city, including their own families, the shop owner and his family. While economic activity cannot be halted indefinitely and shops, offices, markets and public transport will start functioning sooner than later, it is for each individual to take the responsibility of protecting the self and family. As reported by us on Sunday, Dr Amar Fettle, Keralas state nodal officer for Covid-19, has advised a series of simple and easy to follow precautionary steps and strategies in the post-lockdown phase when we start stepping out for work and other activities.  When you step out of the house, imagine that pink and green viruses are floating all over the place and on all kinds of surfaces- cars and shop counters. Keeping that in mind, always use a simple face mask. Remember that the virus will not come to your house on its own, unless you bring it. To avoid this hospitality, put on the mask every time you leave the house, is his simple advice. Wash your hands with soap every time you leave the house and enter. Sanitise your hands every time you leave shops, banks and offices. Wash your hands again and again till you are bored. Washing of feet after coming from outside as was done by our previous generations; maintaining social distance in public places; taking special care of the elderly and those with conditions like diabetes, and teaching children cough hygiene are some of the other steps that he has recommended. Dr Fettle urged people to listen only to medical experts; obey the guidelines issued by the government and the local authority and pay no heed to advice on social media. Maintaining health to build immunity, consuming healthy foods; fruits, vegetables and green leafy vegetables; avoiding hospitals for small illnesses and ensuing enough sleep and peace of mind would be important. As he advised, we need to be alert about our own safety; that of our family; our neighbours; friends who are in frequent contact and helpers such as housemaids. For now, this is the only universe that we need to focus on. abhay.vaidya@hindustantimes.com **** </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/sale-of-spurious-rice-seed-vigilance-probe-begins-against-brar-seed-store-in-ludhiana/story-PwdITDHnbOcddxlj51HSCK.html</url>
<title>Sale of spurious rice seed: Vigilance probe begins against Brar Seed Store in Ludhiana</title>
<body >The Vigilance Bureau (VB) has started a probe against the Brar Seed Store, located opposite gate number 1 of Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) here, in connection with the alleged sale of spurious seed of PR 128 and 129 varieties of paddy. The decision was taken after SSP, VB, Ludhiana, Rupinder Singh, held a meeting with chief agriculture officer Narinder Singh Benipal at his office here on Wednesday. During the meeting, Rupinder Singh deputed his department officials to investigate the matter thoroughly. He said the seed of these paddy varieties can only be sold by PAU and no private seed store can sell it. A number of farmer organisations had been complaining that owners of the Store were selling spurious seed of rice to farmers and, that too, at high rates. A farmer had also submitted a written complaint in this regard to the deputy commissioner stating that he was sold PR 128 seed at Rs 200 per kg against Rs 70 per kg sold by PAU. Rupinder Singh also appealed to farmers not burn wheat straw as it leads to asthma problem among people. He said strict action would be taken against any person burning wheat straw. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/29-fresh-infections-take-punjab-tally-to-2-229/story-uh1WwXc20LoPMT0VR2jBzI.html</url>
<title>29 fresh infections take Punjab tally to 2,229</title>
<body >AMRITSAR/PATIALA/JALANDHAR Punjab recorded 29 fresh infections on Wednesday, taking the total count in the state to 2,229. Amritsar district topped the list with 16 cases, while seven patients were detected in Patiala district. In Amritsar, of the 16 fresh cases, eight are residents of Vijay Nagar in Batala Road, where a man was found infected on May 25. Three others are contacts of a patient from Rani Ka Bagh. These are community transmission cases. Now, total Covid-19 cases in the district has reached 353, of which 301 have recovered, said Amritsar civil surgeon Dr Jugal Kishore. Of the seven cases in Patiala, five are the contacts of a 20-year-old pregnant woman from Rajpura who tested positive recently. Woman patients husband, their son and three relatives were found infected from the virus on Wednesday. They have been admitted to the isolation ward of Government Rajindra Hospital, Patiala civil surgeon Dr Harish Malhotra said. A Railway Protection Force (RPF) man was among three Covid-19 patients who tested positive in Jalandhar on Wednesday. Health officials said 27-year-old RPF man was posted at Jalandhar railway station, while two patients, aged 44 and 19, belong to Pathankot district. A 60-year-old man was found positive for Covid-19 in Pathankot. Pathankot deputy commissioner GS khaira said the infected person is a contact of a Lamini locality virus patient. A 43-year-old man was found positive in Gurdaspur district. He had returned from Mumbai to Dorangla village a few days ago. Four days after becoming Covid-19 free, Rupnagar district reported fresh case on Wednesday. A 33-year-old man of Jhajj village in Anandpur Sahib sub-division tested positive for Covid-19. He is a driver and had returned from Delhi on Tuesday. (With inputs from Pathankot, Gurdaspur and Rupnagar) </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 00:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/india-hockey-player-jasjit-kular-feeding-hundreds-of-stray-dogs-in-jalandhar/story-Cg2cnQ0Qu92QJjuIWYRBaP.html</url>
<title>India hockey player Jasjit Kular feeding hundreds of stray dogs in Jalandhar</title>
<body >Every morning since March 25, a couple of days after the  statewide curfew was clamped in Punjab, international hockey player Jasjit Singh Kular, who hails from Sansarpur village in Jalandhar, has started his day at 5am. Its not to train, but to cook chicken soup and prepare a mix of soaked soya chunks and store-bought dog food to feed a large number of stray dogs on a stretch along the Grand Trunk road, 500 metres from his house. Under normal circumstances, these strays would find food from the leftovers at restaurants and highway dhabas, but the lockdown doomed them to stay hungry. Kular, who has three dogs of his own, knew about the Jalandhar-based Animal Protection Foundation that rescues stray dogs. When the lockdown was enforced, he got in touch with them to feed the strays. Our foundation mainly focuses on treating animals. But we also started feeding stray dogs during the lockdown. While residents feed the animals in residential pockets, we focused on those near highways and commercial areas, says Shrist Bakshi, 32, who started the foundation three years ago. Kular roped in five friends  an athlete, a musician, a photographer, an IT professional and a librarian  and joined the foundations efforts. Together, they feed around 500 dogs on 25-km road stretches in the city. In all, the foundation feeds a 1,000 strays with the help of 16 volunteers, including Kular and his friends. Ten days  ago, I started posting pictures on my Facebook account. This drew the attention of many people I know, and now they are also contributing, says Kular, who made his India debut at the 2014 World Cup in the Netherlands. It takes us around four hours in the morning (to complete the rounds). The six of us split up into three groups and daily cover around 25-30 km of road stretch, says the 30-year-old. We buy bags of soya chunks and dog food from the market. Our daily requirement is around 30kg. We prepare soup using 1kg chicken, but don't give the bones to the dogs as this causes fights between them. We also need around 150 chapattis and some packets of bread, which are provided by some households in my neighbourhood. We use disposable bowls for feeding the dogs, says Kular . The foundation tied up with a local pet shop for the packaged dog food, which maintained its supply through the lockdown. We put the dog food in a lot of water before starting our feeding routine, so that they can get water with the meals, says Kular. Having played 65 international matches, Kular last took the field for India during the 2018 World Hockey League. He now plays for Indian Railways in national championships. Sansarpur, the cradle of Indian hockey, has produced 14 Olympians, who have collectively won 15 Olympic medals. Five of them have also represented Kenya and Canada. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 03:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/pm-narendra-modi-pays-rich-tribute-to-hockey-legend-balbir-singh-senior/story-X8X5MiHR8zlh7kFZ6JtG7M.html</url>
<title>PM Narendra Modi pays rich tribute to hockey legend Balbir Singh Senior</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday paid rich tribute to Indian hockey legend Balbir Singh Senior, who passed away at the age of 96 years. Padma Shri Balbir Singh Sr. Ji will be remembered for his memorable sporting performances. He brought home lots of pride and laurels. Undoubtedly a brilliant hockey player, he also made a mark as a great mentor. Pained by his demise. Condolences to his family and well wishers, the prime minister wrote on Twitter.Padma Shri Balbir Singh Sr. Ji will be remembered for his memorable sporting performances. He brought home lots of pride and laurels. Undoubtedly a brilliant hockey player, he also made a mark as a great mentor. Pained by his demise. Condolences to his family and well wishers. Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) May 25, 2020 Padma Shri Balbir Singh Sr. Ji will be remembered for his memorable sporting performances. He brought home lots of pride and laurels. Undoubtedly a brilliant hockey player, he also made a mark as a great mentor. Pained by his demise. Condolences to his family and well wishers. Balbir Singh guided India to three gold medals at the Olympics and was also the manager of the team that won the 1975 Hockey World Cup. ALSO READ: Balbir Singh Senior, a man who never let India down The three-time Olympic gold medallist was in a semi-comatose state since May 18 and had developed a blood clot in his brain after being first admitted to the hospital for bronchial pneumonia with high fever. Watch : Indian hockey legend Balbir Singh Sr passes away; PM Modi, Akshay Kumar pay tribute He was hospitalised after experiencing high fever and suffered three cardiac arrests during the course of his treatment. One of the countrys most accomplished athletes, the iconic centre-forward was the only Indian among 16 legends chosen by the International Olympic Committee across modern Olympic history. His world record for most goals scored by an individual in the mens hockey final of the Olympics still remains unbeaten. ALSO READ: Balbir Singh Senior - Highlights of a stellar career in hockey He had scored five goals in Indias 6-1 victory over the Netherlands in the gold medal match of the 1952 Helsinki Games. He was conferred with the Padma Shri in 1957. Balbir Srs three Olympic gold medals came in London (1948), Helsinki (1952) as vice-captain, and Melbourne (1956) as captain. He was also the manager of Indias only World Cup-winning side in 1975. (With PTI inputs...) </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/with-103-covid-19-cases-in-24-hours-odisha-records-biggest-single-day-spike/story-CDt4ifExcpzSIH89T104OP.html</url>
<title>With 103 Covid-19 cases in 24 hours, Odisha records biggest single-day spike</title>
<body >Odishas tally of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) stood at 1,438 after 103 new cases, in the biggest single-day surge, were reported from across the state in the last 24 hours, reports said on Monday. Most of the Covid-19 cases were reported from Deogarh district, followed by Kendrapara at 15, Jagatsinghpura at 10 and eight from Bhadrak districts, news agency ANI said. Dr Jayant Panda, the spokesperson of Odishas health and welfare department, had said last week that the states tally may surpass 10,000-mark by the end of June due to the return of migrant workers from Covid-19 hotspots. The surge in numbers come after the state government on Sunday announced a series of relaxations in inter-state and intra-state transportation mainly buses, taxis, auto-rickshaws and two-wheelers, making it easier for people to travel. According to the standard operating procedure (SOP), intra-state movement of two-wheelers, private vehicles, auto-rickshaws, official vehicles and taxis, including cabs by aggregators like Ola, Uber etc, have been allowed except in Covid-19 containment zones. Four wheelers and auto rickshaws can take up to two passengers apart from the driver. Intra-state and city buses can ply with passengers not more than their seating capacity while inter-state buses can ply as per the agreement with neighbouring states. All passengers travelling across the state by any mode of transport will compulsorily have to wear face masks and people with visible symptoms will not be permitted to travel. The relaxation of the lockdown is expected to result in a surge of cases as people will come in contact with each other. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 13:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/bihar-bound-train-cancelled-migrants-pelt-stones-at-police-in-mandi-gobindgarh/story-AqTVqOLUK9xH1SNcpnwNVI.html</url>
<title>Bihar-bound train cancelled, migrants pelt stones at police in Mandi Gobindgarh</title>
<body >Migrant labourers staged a protest and pelted stones at police personnel in Mandi Gobindgarh after a Bihar-bound train was cancelled on Monday morning. Hundreds of labourers had gathered in the fields of Khalsa Senior Secondary School in Mandi Gobindgarh where they were provided temporary shelter. However, upon learning about the cancellation, the migrant labourers blocked the main Jalandhar-Panipat national highway. The labourers also attacked the police party and pelted stones at him. LATHICHARGE Police had to use mild lathicharge to disperse the protestors. Senior civil and police officials rushed to the spot to control the situation. Sub-divisional magistrate Anand Sagar Sharma said the situation was under control. We are coordinating with railways to arrange another train for the labourers so that they can return at the earliest, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 13:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/twitter-user-asks-sonu-sood-for-help-to-reach-a-liquor-shop-actor-s-epic-reply/story-64McpaXyaywN1jECiUYV2O.html</url>
<title>Twitter user asks Sonu Sood for help to reach a liquor shop. Actors epic reply</title>
<body >Actor Sonu Sood has been winning tremendous praise for helping migrant workers return home by arranging buses and special permissions amid the lockdown. In fact, several people have been writing to the actor on Twitter either requesting him for help or thanking him for his kind gestures. The actor has graciously been replying to these tweets as well. However, this particular exchange stands out and is making many laugh out loud. With Sonu Sood replying to so many asking for help, a Twitter user decided to try his luck as well. In a tweet posted some 17 hours ago, the Twitter user wrote to the actor with his request. Sonu bhai, Im stuck in my house. Help me reach a liquor shop, says the tweet posted in Hindi. Sood answered this tweet as well with a reply thats winning people over. Bhai, I can help you return home from the shop. Let me know if you need that, he replied.                  https://t.co/tneToRoEXn sonu sood (@SonuSood) May 24, 2020                  https://t.co/tneToRoEXn Shared last evening, the reply has collected over 40,000 likes and more than 4,700 retweets - and counting. People have posted several reactions to Soods reply. Sonu bhai ek hi dil hai kitne bar jitoge, commented a Twitter user. Superb, reacted another. What an answer, added a third. What do you think of Sonu Soods reply? </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 14:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/fisherman-seeks-hc-intervention-to-set-up-testing-facilities-in-ratnagiri/story-0Uh0ESMP7kMUaxMEmmZLJI.html</url>
<title>Fisherman seeks HC intervention to set up testing facilities in Ratnagiri</title>
<body >The Bombay high court (HC) has directed the state government to respond following a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a fisherman, Khalil Ahmad Hasanmiya Wasta, from Ratnagiri district. Wasta has complained that the district has reported a spike in coronavirus disease (Covid-19) positive cases after the government lifted inter-state travel restrictions. He cited that the district had reported seven Covid-19 positive cases, including two deaths, till April. However, 108 Covid-19 positive cases have been recorded since inter-state travel has been allowed in May amid the easing of lockdown restrictions, the plea said. He also demanded that a facility to conduct Covid-19 test be set up in the district, as the nearest centre is located in Sangli and Miraj, which are 237 kilometres away, leading to a delay in the availability of test results. A two-member division bench, comprising Chief Justice Dipankar Datta and Justice S S Shinde, heard Wastas plea through video conferencing. Advocate Rakesh Bhatkar, who appeared on Wastas behalf, said that Covid-19 positive cases are likely to increase in the Konkan region, including Ratnagiri district, as more stranded students and migrant workers are likely to return home amid the easing of travel restrictions. The plea pointed out that state authorities issued passes and 44,531 people were allowed to enter Ratnagiri district. Around 30, 000 people entered the district without official passes. The government data showed that 29,259 people are quarantined at home. The district has a population of 16.15 lakh. It has six functional hospitals, out of which two have been converted into dedicated Covid-19 facilities. The petitioner claimed that in light of the available data the district administration is not equipped to meet an increased demand to conduct Covid-19 tests. The court directed government pleader Priyabhushan Kakade to take instructions from the state authorities and asked him to respond to Wastas plea during the next hearing of the case on Tuesday. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 13:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/new-chopper-drone-may-be-deployed-along-india-border-chinese-state-media/story-DQUUa0f1flgrPQYDo06oII.html</url>
<title>New chopper drone may be deployed along India border: Chinese state media</title>
<body >Chinas newly-developed helicopter-drone that made its maiden flight last week may be deployed on the Sino-India border, state media reports said on Monday. The AR500C unmanned helicopter is equipped to carry out fire strikes and disrupt electronic circuitry of its target at heights above 15,000 feet, state media reported. The test flight of the AR500C came at a time when China-India border tensions have been flaring up, as Chinese border defence troops have bolstered border control measures, Global Times, the tabloid run by the ruling communist party said in a news report. The tabloid claimed that the Chinese action was a response to Indias recent, illegal construction of defence facilities across the border into Chinese territory in the Galwan Valley region. New Delhi has already dismissed Chinas allegations, saying, in fact, Chinese soldiers were hindering patrolling by the Indian armed forces. Any suggestion that Indian troops had undertaken activity across the LAC in the western [Ladakh] sector or the Sikkim sector is not accurate, external affairs ministry spokesperson, Anurag Srivastava said last week. Srivastava added: All Indian activities are entirely on the Indian side of the LAC. In fact, it is [the] Chinese side that has recently undertaken activity hindering Indias normal patrolling patterns. State media reports about the new drone and its deployment are part of the aggressive narrative put forward by China that its India, which is to blame for the soaring tension at the border in Sikkim and Ladakh sectors. Chinas state media arms had been similarly aggressive and anti-India during the Doklam (Donglang) stand-off in Bhutan in 2017. Observers say it wont be very surprising if there are reports of the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) carrying out military drills on a plateau near a border in the days ahead. Capable of conducting missions including reconnaissance, communication relay, electronic disruption and fire strike at high altitude, this versatile and easy-to-operate drone could help safeguard Chinas southwestern borders with India, analysts told the tabloid. Developed by the state-owned Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), the unmanned helicopter successfully made its maiden flight at an AVIC base in Poyang, east Chinas Jiangxi province, in which it conducted several maneuvers including hovering, horizontal and vertical moves, another leading state media arm, China Central Television (CCTV) reported over the weekend. As Chinas first unmanned helicopter designed to fly in plateau areas, the AR500C can take off at an elevation of 5,000 meters and has a ceiling of 6,700 meters. It has an endurance of five hours, maximum speed of 170 kilometers an hour and a maximum takeoff weight of 500 kilograms, the GT report said. The Chinese military currently operates the Z-8G, Chinas first large transport helicopter, which also focuses on plateau operations. It can take off from nearly 15000 feet above sea level and has a ceiling of nearly 20000 feet and lift troops and supplies to high-altitude areas. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 13:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/nagaland-reports-3-coronavirus-cases-for-the-first-time/story-swDfh88k5nXhRc4hbQV3UL.html</url>
<title>Nagaland reports 3 coronavirus cases for the first time</title>
<body >Nagaland reported three positive cases of coronavirus disease Covid-19 on Monday. The three patients arrived in state from Chennai onboard Shramik Express, the special train run by the government to ferry migrant workers across the country. The state had remained free of infection till date. First positive case reported in Nagaland. Three returnees from Chennai (Shramik Express) tested positive for COVID-19, Nagaland health minister S Pangnyu Phom tweeted. They are undergoing treatment at DHD (Dimapur District Hospital) and Chedema (COVID-19 hospital at Chedema), Kohima respectively. Their condition is stable and all contact tracing are in progress, he added. Nagaland had not recorded any positive patient till Sunday. One 33-year-old businessman from Dimapur, who was tested and treated in Guwahati in April, was added to Assams tally by the union health and family welfare ministry. Unfortunately, 2 persons in Dimapur and 1 in Kohima have been tested positive for COVID-19. Please dont panic. We need to handle this with utmost care and responsibility. Necessary action of contact tracing and containment measures are being taken and situation closely monitored, Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio tweeted. The train from Chennai with 1,477 stranded people had reached Dimapur on Friday evening. Agriculture Production Commissioner and Dimapur Covid-19 Empowered Group in-charge Y Kikheto Sema, Deputy Commissioner Anoop Khinchi, Commissioner of Police Rothihu Tetseo and Chief Medical Officer Tiasunep have received the passengers. The passengers were taken to the Agri Expo Site at 4th Mile here by buses arranged by the state government for medical screening, he said. According to official sources, the people from three districts - Dimapur, Mon and Peren - have been quarantined at various centres while others were sent to quarantine facilities in Kohima. The Nagaland government had recently sealed the border adjoining Sivasagar and Charaideo districts in Assam, following the detection of a Covid-19 case in Sonari. Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal had on Saturday urged his Nagaland counterpart Neiphiu Rio to reopen the inter-state border. In a telephonic conversation with Rio, Sonowal said there is a need to jointly fight the Covid-19 pandemic and pointed out that economic activities must continue unhindered. Sonowal said that due to the sealing of the inter- state border, the livelihood of workers engaged in the tea gardens in the border areas have been adversely affected. The Nagaland chief minister assured him to look into the request and take necessary steps to reopen the border. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 13:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cbse-exams-boarding-school-kids-to-face-travel-hurdle/story-E94a7TwmyRRpcrKC6Mo2LJ.html</url>
<title>CBSE exams: Boarding school kids to face travel hurdle</title>
<body >NEW DELHI The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is increasing  the number of exam centres from 3,000 to 13,000 to make sure the students who sit for their class X and XII board exams get the centre of their choice, but there is one section of students that may still have to travel hundreds of miles before reaching the venue  those studying in residential schools. As the government announced the lockdown to prevent the spread of COVID-19, thousands of students who study in boarding schools across the country returned home. Now, as the number of coronavirus cases continues to rise, these students and their parent and guardians  are in a dilemma . CBSE has said students of boarding schools will appear for the class X and class XII exams in their respective schools. That means some will travel hundreds of miles to take these tests. And schools have to make quarantine arrangements once the students come back to the campus . Significantly, 661 residential schools, the Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas, are run by the HRD ministry itself. Most of these schools are situated in rural areas. Under the present norms, many class 12 students of these and other schools will be forced to undertake such long winding trips from June 15 to be eligible to sit for exams which begin on July 1. The ordeal could prove tougher for students who will have to sit immediately for their NEET or JEE exams a week later. When contacted, a senior CBSE official said that the board has  received representations from different schools and is  looking into all of them. A senior HRD ministry official added that the  ministry and CBSE are aware of the issues and attempts will be made to provide solutions. If students come all the way they will have to quarantine, which means they will have to stay minimum fifteen days before the exam. Coming all the way is difficult and even parents are under stress, they fear sending their children across. These are factors. But as far as the school is concerned, all possible arrangements can be made because they are after all our children. But we definitely need guidelines about the stay in the hostel. We are awaiting those guidelines, said Shakuntala Jaiman, Principal of Delhis Colonel Satsangis Kiran Memorial School, which has several of students who have to appear for class 12 exam. Meanwhile, an HRD ministry official said: MHRD and CBSE are aware of the issue and will take a decision in the interest of the students. MHRD is always committed to ensure the safety and academic welfare of the students. Last week, HRD minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank  announced that the CBSE would be holding exams in 13,000 and not just 3,000 centers as this would help students, who would otherwise have to travel long distances. This problem for the residential schools and their students is genuine. Young students, their parents and school authorities should not be burdened with additional anxieties during these uncertain Corona times. With vast infrastructure available to the CBSE , and since there are still 5 weeks for exams to begin, students may be given the options in their hometowns in centres nearest to their homes, said eminent educationist and former UGC member Dr Inder Mohan Kapahy. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 23:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/how-rajasthan-forest-department-created-jobs-in-tendu-leaf-collection-during-covid-19-lockdown/story-0eSkHJGASwLDi1k3rOwQqO.html</url>
<title>How Rajasthan forest department created jobs in tendu leaf collection during Covid-19 lockdown</title>
<body >Rajasthan forest department created jobs for local communities in Jhalawar as it sold 15 extra units for collection of tendu leaves to locals in open bidding during the coronavirus lockdown, officials said. For the collection of tendu (Diospyros melanoxylon) leaves, forest areas are divided into units which are auctioned between December and January. Rajasthan has 167 units in 14 districts, including 45 in Jhalawar. Only 69 of them were sold during the bids. For the remaining, the divisional forest officers (DFOs) call for open bids. The state will earn Rs 7.5 crore as royalty from these units. Tendu leaf is used to wrap bidis. Leaves of many other plants are also used to as bidis in different parts of the country but traders said the texture, flavour and workability of tendu leaves are unmatchable. In Jhalawar forest areas, merchants from Tonk, Karauli, Madhya Pradesh, Maharasthra and Gujarat come for collection of leaves and bring specialised labour from their native places. Also read: Covid-19 cases in Rajasthan cross 7000-mark, death toll 163 This time, due to the lockdown restrictions, this was not possible. Also, there was an objection from the local public representatives, who said labourers from outside may bring the virus with them and infect locals. We held dialogues with the representatives and merchants to find solutions. We got the merchants to give priority to local community in collection of leaves, said Jhalawar DFO Hemant Singh. We also encouraged the local representative to take up the units as the collection was less in other states such as Chhatisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha due to the lockdown and untimely showers, he added. In Jhalawar, 15 more units were sold in an open bidding during the lockdown. For the first time, more than 90% of people, labourers and supervisors, involved in collection in the district, were locals, including many first-timers. This will make the locals self-reliant and will be beneficial for the local economy, the DFO said. Singh said that more than 2,500 families from 240 villages are benefitting from these efforts which have led to the generation of extra 75,000 man days. About 50-60 labourers can work in one unit of an average size. They collect leaves from the forest in the morning and stack them in bundles of 50 each. These bundles are then given to the unit holders. Payment  one rupee per bundle  is made immediately and in cash. One family can make around 500 bundles in a day. For merchants from outside, our staff, especially rangers, helped them in coordination with the district administration in medical screening, arranging logistics and labourers. This encouraged more traders to come to Jhalawar who were initially reluctant because of the curbs, Singh said. The officer said that people in villages are happy as its like a small event for them every year and everyone is involved. During this time there is no work in the fields. Unlike in MNREGS, here we get instant cash which can be used to buy seeds and preparing fields for Kharif crops, said Ramlal, a small farmer in Mandawar. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:49 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/japan-lifts-coronavirus-emergency-in-all-remaining-areas/story-nG4pYUlnOttC44VLTAHKRI.html</url>
<title>Japan lifts coronavirus emergency in all remaining areas</title>
<body >Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe lifted a coronavirus state of emergency in Tokyo and four other remaining areas on Monday, ending the restrictions nationwide as businesses begin to reopen. Experts on a government-commissioned panel approved the lifting of the emergency in Tokyo, neighbouring Kanagawa, Chiba and Saitama prefectures, and in Hokkaido to the north, which had more cases and remained under the emergency declaration after it was removed in most of Japan earlier this month. Abe said the lifting of the emergency does not mean the end of the outbreak. He said the goal is to balance preventive measure and the economy until vaccines and effective drugs become available. Japan, with about 16,600 confirmed cases and about 850 deaths, has so far avoided a large outbreak like those experienced in the US and the Europe despite its softer restrictions. But the worlds third largest economy is fallen into a recession, and public discontent over Abes handling of the coronavirus has sent his support ratings tumbling. Recent media surveys show public support for his Cabinet has plunged below 30%, the lowest since he returned to office in December 2012. Abe declared the state of emergency on April 7 in several parts of Japan including Tokyo, expanded it to the entire nation later in the month, and then extended it until the end of May. Also read: Did Japan just beat coronavirus without lockdowns or mass testing? Under the emergency, people were asked to stay at home and non-essential businesses were requested to close or reduce operations, but there was no enforcement. Since May 14, when the measures were lifted in most of Japan, more people have left their homes and stores have begun reopening. Economy Minister Yasutoshi Nishimura said recent data suggest that infections have slowed enough and pressure on the medical system has fallen enough to allow a gradual resumption of social and economic activity. He said Tokyo, Kanagawa and Hokkaido, where the number of infections is still fluctuating, need to be watched closely. On Monday, Matsuya department store, a landmark in Tokyos posh Ginza shopping district, resumed operation. Sales staff wearing plastic face shields welcomed customers with bows but no verbal greetings under new guidelines. Individual prefectures are allowed to impose their own measures. Tokyo Gov. Yuriko Koike said last week that the capital will reopen in three phases starting with schools, libraries, museums, and longer service hours for restaurants. She said theaters, sports facilities and other commercial establishments will be next, with nightclubs, karaoke and live music houses in the final phase. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/coronavirus-pandemic-hits-donations-to-ayodhya-s-ram-mandir-trust/story-q1GLdH9ZGdcjJBx7lzchAN.html</url>
<title>Coronavirus pandemic hits donations to Ayodhyas Ram Mandir trust</title>
<body >The coronavirus pandemic seems to have affected donations to the Sri Ram Janmabhoomi Tirath Kshetra Trust, which was constituted by the Centre for the construction of Ram temple in Uttar Pradeshs Ayodhya. Devotees have donated around Rs 4.70 crore solar through online transfers in two bank accounts in the State Bank of Indias main branch in Ayodhya opened in March. One of them has around Rs 2 crore and the remaining amount is in another. The trust has received donations of around Rs 4.70 crore till date. Once the construction work of the Ram Mandir begins, donations will increase, a member of the trust, who did not want to be named, said. The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has said donations made to the Shri Ram Janmabhoomi Teerth Kshetra are eligible for deduction under Section 80G of Income Tax Act, 1961. The trust and the VHP are optimistic that once the coronavirus scare subsides and the bhoomi pujan at Ram Janmabhoomi in Ayodhya takes place for the construction of Ram Mandir, the focus will again shift to the temple, Sharad Sharma, regional spokesperson of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was expected to take part in the bhumi pujan or ground laying ceremony in Ayodhya in April but the ceremony was deferred due to the coronavirus pandemic. Now, the much-awaited ceremony is expected only after the lockdown is lifted and the virus scare subsides. The trust also has Rs 12 crore as fixed deposit in another bank, which it received from the former receiver of the Ram Janmabhoomi after its formation. It has also received some gold ornaments from the receiver and Rs 1 crore from the Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas, which spearheaded the Ram Mandir movement across the country since the 1990s. However, these have not yet been transferred in the two current accounts of the new trust. The Supreme Court had appointed divisional commissioner of Ayodhya, formerly known as Faizabad, as the receiver of the Ram Janmabhoomi. However, after the formation of the new trust, divisional commissioner MP Agarwal handed over the charge to Ayodhya Naresh Vimlendra Mohan Pratap Mishra, a member of the trust. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/govt-distances-from-bad-quality-ppes-says-its-procuring-from-tested-suppliers/story-DsKm5GU9Uhf3h7Nxc7oFWL.html</url>
<title>Govt distances from bad quality PPEs, says its procuring from tested suppliers</title>
<body >The central ministry of health has reacted to media reports alleging bad quality PPE (personal protection equipment) kits were exposing medical care professionals to risks in several parts of the country and said the bad-quality products referred to in the reports are not cleared by government agencies and added that there was no shortage of approved and tested PPES and N-95 masks which have been supplied in ample quantities to states and union territories to be used while handling coronavirus patients or suspects. There are some reports in a section of the media expressing concern about the quality of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) coveralls. The products under reference have no relevance to the procurement being made by the Central Government, an official statement from the ministry of health stated on Monday. While the statement doesnt mention the reports in particular that made the claim, however, a few in the past days have questioned the quality of the PPEs supplied locally to medical professionals in Ghaziabad. A prominent Hindi daily had claimed that some new kits produced and procured locally were found to be worn out and torn in places. It blamed the poor quality of kits to be among the reasons for the government doctors and other healthcare professionals catching the disease in the district. The UP government then decided to ban local procurement. Another report had cited complaints regarding poor quality PPE kits by some surgeons in Ludhiana Civil Hospital. The ministry of health in its statement said that the central government had cleared PPE manufacturers and suppliers after applying stringent quality testing standards set by the ministry of textiles. HLL Lifecare Limited (HLL), the procuring agency of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, is procuring PPE coveralls from manufacturers/suppliers only after getting their coveralls tested and approved by one of the eight labs nominated by the Ministry of Textiles (MoT) for testing the same. It is only after their products qualify in the test prescribed by the technical committee (JMG) of the Ministry of Health  Family Welfare, that they are procured, the ministry explained. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 It added that random sampling of the supplies is also being made and the company that fails to meet the standards is being disqualified for any future procurement. All the States/UTs have been asked to ensure procurement which is being carried out at their level after following the prescribed testing for PPEs from MoT nominated labs. In addition, manufacturers who have got their products qualified from these labs are also being on-boarded on Government e-Marketplace (GeM), the statement adds. The ministry said the information about qualified and approved manufacturers and suppliers was available on the Government e-Marketplace (GeM) for the states and the private sector to use. The ministry further pointed out that there was no shortage of safety equipment and essentials as the country had ramped up its domestic production capacity of PPEs and N95 masks and the requirements of the States/UTs are being sufficiently met. Today, the country is producing more than 3 lakh PPEs and N95 masks per day. States/UTs as well as Central Institutions have been provided with around 111.08 lakh N-95 masks and around 74.48 lakh Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), said the ministry. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 15:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/wwe-news-online-bullying-is-not-ok-wrestling-community-mourns-death-of-22-year-old-wrestler/story-ZXcU7ZvzswVwjxWtLrlk6I.html</url>
<title>Feel sick to my stomach, Wrestling community mourns death of 22-year-old wrestler</title>
<body >The professional wrestling community mourned the loss of young Japanese pro-wrestler Hana Kimura after she lost her life on Saturday. The 22-year-olds death was confirmed by her organization Stardom Wrestling, who said that details regarding her passing away are unknown and still being investigated. Japanese media reported that Kimura was found dead at her home. It has been reported that Kimura became a target of online bullying over her role on the Terrace House show on Netflix. The show involved three men and three women temporarily living together at a shared house in Tokyo. The show was temporarily suspended due to the coronavirus. We are very sorry to report that our Hana Kimura has passed away, the organization said in a statement. READ | WWE Chairman Vince McMahon not impressed with record-breaking NXT champion She had even published photographs on social media which indicated that she was not in a happy space. Kimura had recently  posted a photo of herself and her cat, with a message saying Goodbye. Another posting carried a message I love you, live long and happy. Im sorry. Kimuras death has triggered a wave of messages on social media against anonymous bullying and hateful messages. WWE Hall of Famer Mick Foley condemned her death while saying that Online bullying should not be part of life. Hana Kimura was 22.Please let that sink in...22. She had her whole life in front of her.Online bullying should not be part of life.It damn sure should not be part of death. Hana Kimura was 22. #RIPHanaKimura pic.twitter.com/xKTBYzaoIt Mick Foley (@RealMickFoley) May 23, 2020 Hana Kimura was 22.Please let that sink in...22. She had her whole life in front of her.Online bullying should not be part of life.It damn sure should not be part of death. Hana Kimura was 22. #RIPHanaKimura pic.twitter.com/xKTBYzaoIt All Elite Wrestling (AEW)sent their wishes to her family. AEW and the wrestling community mourn the passing of Hana Kimura. May she Rest In Peace, and our thoughts are with her family, her friends, and her fans. pic.twitter.com/gouuu3xG5y All Elite Wrestling (@AEWrestling) May 23, 2020 AEW and the wrestling community mourn the passing of Hana Kimura. May she Rest In Peace, and our thoughts are with her family, her friends, and her fans. pic.twitter.com/gouuu3xG5y Former WWE and UFC champion Ronda Rousey expressed her regret in seeing a young professional passing away. To Hana Kimura and her family, I am so incredibly sorry for your loss. .. There are no words that could possibly heal this wound... Rest In Peace Hana Kimura... If anyone reading this is suffering, know there are https://t.co/AvkdUG9QLN Ronda Rousey (@RondaRousey) May 23, 2020 To Hana Kimura and her family, I am so incredibly sorry for your loss. .. There are no words that could possibly heal this wound... Rest In Peace Hana Kimura... If anyone reading this is suffering, know there are https://t.co/AvkdUG9QLN Other WWE superstars and wrestler have also sent  their condolences over her death. I literally feel sick to my stomach...People on social media need to understand that wrestlers are fn people too.As someone who constantly gets bullied online this one hit too close to home. People need to grow the f up.#RIPHanaKimura RheaRipley_WWE (@RheaRipley_WWE) May 23, 2020 I literally feel sick to my stomach...People on social media need to understand that wrestlers are fn people too.As someone who constantly gets bullied online this one hit too close to home. People need to grow the f up.#RIPHanaKimura To Hana Kimura and her family, I am so incredibly sorry for your loss. .. There are no words that could possibly heal this wound... Rest In Peace Hana Kimura... If anyone reading this is suffering, know there are https://t.co/AvkdUG9QLN Ronda Rousey (@RondaRousey) May 23, 2020 To Hana Kimura and her family, I am so incredibly sorry for your loss. .. There are no words that could possibly heal this wound... Rest In Peace Hana Kimura... If anyone reading this is suffering, know there are https://t.co/AvkdUG9QLN Just woke up to this awful news. There are no words to appropriately describe just how tragic the passing of Hana Kimura is. She was an extremely talented performer and by all accounts, a great person and a kind soul. My thoughts go out to her friends and family. Kevin (@FightOwensFight) May 23, 2020 Just woke up to this awful news. There are no words to appropriately describe just how tragic the passing of Hana Kimura is. She was an extremely talented performer and by all accounts, a great person and a kind soul. My thoughts go out to her friends and family. I didnt know Hana Kimura but I thought she was immensely charismatic and talented. The circumstances of her passing are incredibly sad. Florida Man (@WWEBigE) May 23, 2020 I didnt know Hana Kimura but I thought she was immensely charismatic and talented. The circumstances of her passing are incredibly sad. I did not know Hana Kimura, as I am reading all the incredible things said about her, I can tell she left a great impact on this world. Its incredibly tragic that a young woman had to be subjected to such horrific hate from people who didnt even know her.   (@NiaJaxWWE) May 23, 2020 I did not know Hana Kimura, as I am reading all the incredible things said about her, I can tell she left a great impact on this world. Its incredibly tragic that a young woman had to be subjected to such horrific hate from people who didnt even know her.  There are so many nights I would go to roppongi  I was joined by one of the most beautiful vibrant women Ive ever met.I would always smile around her  her laugh would just have effect on everyone.I cant express how heartbroken I am for the Stardom Family.RIP Hana Kimura     (@WillOspreay) May 23, 2020 There are so many nights I would go to roppongi  I was joined by one of the most beautiful vibrant women Ive ever met.I would always smile around her  her laugh would just have effect on everyone.I cant express how heartbroken I am for the Stardom Family.RIP Hana Kimura I didnt personally know Hana Kimura, but its still very painful to learn about what happened. When it comes to cyber bullying - dont do it, dont partake in it, and do not respond to it...Stand for something better. My heart is with all of her fans, friends, and family.  Bayley (@itsBayleyWWE) May 24, 2020 I didnt personally know Hana Kimura, but its still very painful to learn about what happened. When it comes to cyber bullying - dont do it, dont partake in it, and do not respond to it...Stand for something better. My heart is with all of her fans, friends, and family.  Kimura, whose mother Kyoko was also a famous pro-wrestler, performed at a sold-out Madison Square Garden event by Japan Pro-Wrestling and U.S. Ring of Honor. (with AP inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 18:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/passengers-complain-as-nearly-80-flights-to-and-from-delhi-cancelled-amid-restrictions-by-states/story-Gvm0f1roFY2l9l68LyW6nL.html</url>
<title>Passengers complain as nearly 80 flights to and from Delhi cancelled amid restrictions by states</title>
<body >Several passengers said their flights were cancelled and complained they did not get any intimation from airlines as domestic services resumed after a gap of two months on Monday. Officials said nearly 80 flights to and from Delhi were cancelled due to restrictions by states, officials said. Several passengers in Mumbai and Bengaluru also complained about cancellations. Follow latest updates on coronavirus here Only when our boarding passes were scanned at the airport entry we were told that boarding has been cancelled. We dont know what to do now, a passenger of an Air India Bengaluru-Hyderabad flight said, according to ANI. Also Watch | From aircraft to airports, sanitization increased to tackle Covid threat All commercial passenger flights resumed, except in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal, after being suspended towards the end of March when the government imposed a nationwide lockdown to curb the coronavirus pandemic. The first flight out of Delhi since lockdown was to Pune, which flew out at 4:45am, and the second was from Mumbai to Patna that departed at 6.45am. Both the flights were operated by IndiGo. The first flight departing out of CSMIA (Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport ) will be to Patna at 6:45hrs and flight arriving from Lucknow will be the first arrival flight at 8:20hrs both operated by IndiGo, Mumbai airport operator MIAL said in a statement. Also read| 14-day quarantine to 7 days home isolation: Guidelines for air travellers The first domestic passenger flight to arrive at Delhi airport on Monday at 7.45am was from Ahmedabad. It was operated by SpiceJet. Thermal screening, shields Hundreds of passengers wearing masks were seen at airports across the country on Monday as security and airport personnel in protective gears screened them. News agency ANI tweeted photographs of passengers standing in long queues and wearing face shields inside an aeroplane. I was in Delhi since the Parliaments Budget session. Now, I am returning to my state Odisha, Anubhav Mohanty, the Biju Janata Dal lawmaker, said, according to ANI. He was on a Vistara flight from Delhi to Bhubaneswar. Cabin crew members were also seen in blue personal protection equipment (PPE) inside flights. I was nervous before the flight but all passengers were taking precautions. Very few people travelling right now, a passenger who arrived in Pune told ANI. The flights resumed after the ministry civil aviation held several discussions with states and airline representatives on Sunday. It has been a long day of hard negotiations with various state governments to recommence civil aviation operations in the country. Except Andhra Pradesh which will start on 26/5 and West Bengal on 28/5, domestic flights will recommence across the country from tomorrow, civil aviation minister Hardeep Puri said in a tweet on Sunday evening. State governments have issued their dos and donts, including thermal screening, quarantines, social distancing at the airport and no-contact check-in. The government had announced last Thursday that one-third of pre-lockdown domestic flights will operate from Monday. Aviation minister Hardeep Singh Puri has indicated that international flights could begin in June. Work comes first Flight attendants were also seen wearing masks at the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) airports Terminal 3 in Delhi. A flight attendant said they will have to interact less with passengers now in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. We are a little worried but work comes first. We will get personal protective equipment (PPE) kits from the airline, Amandeep Kaur, a flight attendant, told ANI. Food and beverage and retail outlets also opened at the airport as domestic flight services resumed. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) had last Thursday issued standard operating procedures (SOP) for airports as part of preparations for the recommencement of domestic commercial flight operations/ Airports have been advised to ensure that passenger seating arrangement shall be done in such a manner so as to maintain social distancing among passengers using chairs by blocking those seats that are not to be used, with proper markers or tapes. All passengers also must compulsorily be registered with the Aarogya Setu app on their phones as per the directives. Apart from this, alternate check-in counters should be used to avoid congestion. The airport staff must be provided PPE kits, face masks etc, and should also be provided with hand sanitisers. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 16:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/ranchi/mandatory-14-day-quarantine-for-all-passengers-coming-to-ranchi-jharkhand-government/story-6ZqibRoaxYyEuf8ohhhG9M.html</url>
<title>Mandatory 14-day quarantine for all passengers coming to Ranchi:Jharkhand government</title>
<body >All air passengers coming to Ranchi from Monday, when domestic air services will resume after two months, would have to stay in home quarantine for 14 days, the Jharkhand government said. A notification issued by Chief Secretary Sukhdev Singh said all the airlines operating from the Birsa Munda Airport in Ranchi should share the list of arriving passengers with details as required by the state transport department. Click here for fullCovid-19 coverage Every passenger coming to the state by flight shall have to compulsorily stay in home quarantine for 14 days, observing the guidelines issued by the Department of Health, Family Welfare and Medical Education, the notification said. However, any person travelling to Jharkhand and intending to exit the state within 72 hours and any returnee who has already undergone the prescribed quarantine period are exempted from the 14-day quarantine norm, it said. The state transport department also asked outgoing passengers to reach the airport at least two hours ahead of scheduled flight times and go for web check-in to avoid standing in a queue, an official statement said here. Also read: I was nervous: First flyers share experience as domestic air services resume They have to enter the aircraft wearing face masks and gloves, sanitize their luggage, download Arogya Setu app and maintain social distance, the department said in another notification. According to it, confirmed flight tickets and flight boarding pass would be treated as lockdown passes and only authorised taxis are allowed to ferrying passengers from their houses to the airport. State Transport Secretary K Ravi Kumar, Ranchi Deputy Commissioner Rai Mahimapat Rai and Birsa Munda Airport authorities took stock of the preparations on Sunday. There were no domestic flights in the country for two months because of the Covid-19 induced lockdown. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 10:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/online-meetings-of-the-parliamentary-panels-unlikely/story-OlNt45xiW44quagw7OW6pI.html</url>
<title>Online meetings of  parliamentary panels unlikely</title>
<body >Preparations have started in earnest to hold usual in-camera meetings at the Parliament complex, as an earlier plan to hold online meetings of the parliamentary panels appears to have been junked. So far, nine rooms in the Parliament House and annexe have been identified for holding regular meetings of the 24 department-related Standing Committees and another six rooms are being prepared for other committees of both the Houses, said an official. Rajya Sabha chairman Venkaiah Naidu and Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla have factored in the resumption of domestic flights and passenger train services between Delhi and various state capitals to chalk out the plan for regular meetings amid the easing of lockdown restrictions, which were imposed on March 25 to contain the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-1) outbreak. There was a clamour for holding online meetings when the lockdown restrictions were imposed. On Saturday, Naidu held an hour-long meeting with Birla, as lockdown 4.0 is tipped to end on May 31. The secretaries-general of both the Houses and other senior officials were also present in the meeting. Both the presiding officers have taken note of the resumption of air and train services in the country, said a senior official. Only the chairmen of four panels -- all of them from the Congress -- were in favour of holding digital meetings. Information technology panel head Shashi Tharoor, pubic account committee chairman Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, home affairs panel head Anand Sharma, and environment panel chairman Jairam Ramesh had suggested online meetings. The officials also pointed out that only the Main Committee Room in the annexe has enough space to maintain social distancing norms. Naidu and Birla said that additional seats with microphone facilities would be installed in the other rooms as well. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 12:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/domestic-flights-first-flight-from-bengaluru-with-150-passengers-lands-at-ranchi-airport/story-nuWWGvk5BXhUUseZLp6ZFK.html</url>
<title>Domestic flights: First flight from Bengaluru with 150 passengers lands at Ranchi airport</title>
<body >The first domestic flight, carrying 150 passengers, since the resumption of air travel after the nationwide lockdown restrictions, which were imposed on March 25 to contain the spread of coronavirus disease (Covid-19), landed at Ranchis Birsa Munda Airport at 7.35 am on Monday, airport officials said. The last flight took off from the airport on March 24, a day before the Centre suspended flight operations because of the nationwide lockdown restrictions. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage The first flight to Ranchi operated by Air Asia came from Bengaluru carrying 150 passengers. The same flight took off for Bengaluru at 8.50 am. On Monday, six flights are expected to operate from the airport, said Vinod Sharma, director, Birsa Munda Airport. Frequent fliers described Mondays flight as an unusual experience because of thermal screening and body temperature reading carried out by airport authorities to prevent the spread of the pandemic. It was a new experience. We maintained social distancing throughout the trip. The security check-up mechanism was also a departure from the past, said Ruchi Kumar, a Ranchi resident and a frequent flier. Incoming air passengers have been urged to stay under quarantine at home for the next 14 days, as per the guidelines issued by the Jharkhand government late Sunday evening. Those who are travelling to Jharkhand and planning to exit within 72 hours would be exempted from mandatory quarantine in the state, according to the state disaster management department. Also read:I was nervous: First flyers share experience as domestic air services resume All airlines operating from Birsa Munda Airport have been directed to share the list of incoming passengers with the state government. The passengers have been asked to arrange their own private vehicle or taxi for movement to their destination from the airport. The authorities have ensured touch-free entry, screening, scanning, and security checks at the airport. Web-cams have been installed, which read passengers boarding passes and their faces. Flyers with confirmed web check-in will be allowed to the airport terminal. Boarding pass will not be issued at the airport, said Sharma. The authorities have also made preparations for sanitising passengers luggage in an automatic mode. Passengers have been urged to follow guidelines issued by the Union Ministry of Civil Aviation. Earlier, Rai Mahimapat Ray, deputy commissioner, Ranchi, and other senior officials visited the airport on Sunday to review the preparedness ahead of the resumption of domestic flights. The use of masks and hand gloves has been mandatory for all air passengers. They would have to compulsorily under thermal screening, Ray said. Besides, the passengers have to reach the airport two hours ahead of the scheduled departure of the flight. Theyve to maintain social distancing and santisation protocol. All fliers have been asked to install the Aarogya Setu application on their mobile phones. They can only bring two luggage for cabin and hand of a size specified by the airlines. Jharkhand has reported 370 Covid-19 positive cases, including 115 in the state capital Ranchi, so far. There has been an increase in the cases of the viral outbreak in Jharkhand because of the influx of stranded migrant workers from other states amid the easing of lockdown restrictions. The state government officials said that an estimated over 3.2 lakh migrant workers and students have returned to their native places so far. While over seven lakh have registered on the state government portal to return home. The ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has opposed the Centres move to resume domestic flight operations from Monday and the passenger train service from June 1. JMM general secretary-cum-spokesperson Supriyo Bhattacharya said the Covid-19 crisis would deepen, as the Centre is planning to run over 26,000 Shramik Special trains to ferry over 3.6 million migrant workers across the country over the next 10 days. The states will be in deep trouble because of the influx of passengers by air and train, as many may have contracted SARS-CoV-2, which causes Covid-19, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 11:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/where-are-those-sachin-versus-shoaib-contests-akhtar-slams-icc-says-it-has-finished-cricket/story-ULh9fXnGgTpWNH3AG0kWpO.html</url>
<title>Where are those Sachin versus Shoaib contests: Akhtar slamsICC, says it has finished cricket</title>
<body >The ICC has successfully finished cricket in the last 10 years and brought it down to its knees, former Pakistan pacer Shoaib Akhtar has insisted in a scathing criticism of the sports global body. During a conversation with Sanjay Manjrekar for ESPNcricinfos podcast, Akhtar expressed his anguish at some of the playing conditions in white ball cricket, which has made it a game only for the batsmen. Akhtar was sharp in his criticism after Manjrekar asked for his take on a trend that fast bowlers are going a bit slow in limited overs games, especially T20s, while spinners are bowling faster. Can I tell you something bluntly? They (ICC) are finishing the cricket. I am openly saying that in last 10 years, ICC has successfully finished cricket, and I would say job well done guys. Jo socha thaa apne woh kiya (You did what you intended to), Akhtar said in his inimitable style. Akhtar feels that the number of bouncers per over should be increased as there are two new balls and only four fielders outside the circle for the better part of an ODI game. Also read:West Indies Test cricketers resume training after COVID-19 hiatus I have been saying repeatedly that change bouncer rule (one per over). You have two new balls and four fielders outside. Please ask ICC whether in last 10 years, quality of cricket has gone up or gone down. Where are those Sachin versus Shoaib contests? Speaking about Tendulkar, Akhtar said that he is one with whom he never got aggressive, as there was a lot of respect for the worlds best batsman. But yes, I would try to outthink him. Like in the 2006 tour of Pakistan, I knew he had tennis elbow problems and he cant hook or pull me, so I bowled a barrage of bouncers to keep him quiet, Akhtar said. Talking about pull shots, the speed merchant said that at his peak Virat Kohli would have found it difficult to play that shot against him because of his express pace. I would have come wide off the crease and tried to shape that new ball out and lured him into driving. Something that James Anderson has done with him. Having said that he would have scored as many runs as he scored now had I also played. Also read: You remind me of me:Jonty Rhodes gives huge praise to India cricketer on fielding efforts Akhtar thought that it would have been a treat to watch if Kohli was pitted against Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis and Shane Warne in their prime.  He could have judged himself where he stood in front of these bowlers, he said. Manjrekar asked him whether the culture of producing tearaway quicks is still there in Pakistan or they are happy producing fast medium bowlers. People like me should have been in PCB and I would have produced fast bowlers. Fast bowlers should be like leopards which would hunt down its prey. I would have produced 12 fast bowlers and prepared them on every aspect, technique, mannerism, studies, diet, what to do with the body. I would have built a complete brand. You dont get fast bowlers from people who are by nature ghulaam (subservient). Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 18:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/rahul-dravid-toughest-batsman-i-ve-ever-bowled-to-varun-aaron/story-6WpTd0NGYTzFUfZ3fQ9FnM.html</url>
<title>Rahul Dravid toughest batsman Ive ever bowled to: Varun Aaron</title>
<body >Batting great Rahul Dravid is the toughest batsman Varun Aaron has bowled to, the Rajasthan Royals pacer has revealed. I would say Rahul Dravid is the toughest batsman Ive ever bowled to, Aaron said during a Royals Podcast on Facebook with New Zealand spinner and Royals spin consultant Ish Sodhi. Every time I turned up to bowl to him in the nets, it felt like I was just bowling at 120kph. Its just something that he does to you. I have never bowled to a batsman who would lunge out to the max and play you as if youve just bowled a throw down to him. As a bowler thats extremely irritating to bowl to somebody like him, said the 30-year old who has played nine Tests and the same number of ODIs for India. Aaron last turned out for India in 2015. Aaron also said it was surreal to be part of a team bus full of legends like Sachin Tendulkar, Dravid, V.V.S. Laxman and Virender Sehwag. He made his Test debut in 2011 against the West Indies in Mumbai. I think getting the Test cap for India is the highlight for any cricketer. No matter what one does after that, it is the highest point of his career. If you ask any of the greats, they will all say the highlight for them was getting the Test cap for India. I feel theres nothing better than that and thats for everyone. I received my Test cap from Laxman. I was lucky enough to play with the likes of Sachin, Dravid, Viru back then, I mean it was surreal. The most striking moment for me was stepping onto the bus on the first day of practise and walking by all these guys, having watched them growing up as a kid, it was really special to be part of that bus, Aaron said. In 2014, Aaron had struck England pacer Stuart Broad on the nose with a fiery bouncer at Old Trafford. Asked about the incident he said, The ball before I hit Stuart Broad, he actually kind of top-edged it for a six. As a bowler, you never want to be hit for a six, especially by a lower-order batsman. So next ball I went over the wicket and decided to just let it rip and I absolutely gave everything I had on that ball. It hit him on his helmet, and initially, I realised that I couldnt see the ball, and I was like Oh no!, the ball was stuck in his helmet. Then I went to him and saw blood dripping down from his helmet and felt really bad looking at that. At the end of the day you never want to hurt somebody. The first thing I did as soon as the innings got over was just rush to the English teams dressing room to check on him. He had ice on him and had a broken nose, to be fair to him he turned for the next game with a face mask and played the whole game. Reflecting on it now, I feel it wouldve been better had that incident not happened, you never want to injure somebody that bad. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 20:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/advanced-version-of-lca-tejas-makes-its-debut-flight/story-eJx0pJ6hba3tCvZdNyYz4M.html</url>
<title>Advanced version of Tejas light combat aircraft makes its debut flight</title>
<body >A more advanced version of the Tejas light combat aircraft made its debut flight from a Hindustan Aeronautics Limited facility in Bengaluru on Tuesday, bringing it closer to induction in the Indian Air Force. The first LCA in final operational clearance (FOC) standard, piloted by Air Commodore KA Muthana (retd), took to the skies for its maiden flight and was airborne for 40 minutes, a spokesperson for state-run military planemaker Hindustan Aeronautics Limited said. The IAF has already inducted Tejas fighters in the initial operational clearance (IOC) standard and is now gearing up to operate fighters in the more advanced FOC configuration. This (the maiden flight) would pave the way for production of remaining 15 fighters from the FOC block which are planned to be delivered (to the IAF) during the next financial year, the spokesperson said. He added that the FOC aircraft were equipped with advanced capabilities such as air-to-air refueling, beyond visual range missile systems and come with several improvements over the IOC aircraft in the IAF fleet. The IAF has so far ordered 40 LCAs that are in the IOC and FOC configurations. The IAF plans to buy another 83 LCA Mk-1A jets, taking the total number of Tejas variants ordered to 123. The LCA Mk-1A will come with additional improvements over the FOC aircraft, making it the most advanced Tejas variant. HAL is hoping to hammer out a Rs 38,000-crore deal with the IAF for the 83 additional jets soon. The order is crucial for the HAL to prevent a complete halt of production at its facilities. HT reported on January 11 that HALs order books are empty beyond 2021-22 and new orders from the armed forces are critical for continuity in production. The Mk-1A variant is expected to come with digital radar warning receivers, external self-protection jammer pods, active electronically scanned array radar and significantly improved maintainability. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 18, 2020 05:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sushmita-sen-revealed-she-almost-lost-her-miss-universe-crown-organisers-wanted-to-send-aishwarya-rai/story-H66SWudAFHcBKKfdXdLb7K.html</url>
<title>Sushmita Sen revealed she almost lost her Miss Universe crown, organisers wanted to send Aishwarya Rai</title>
<body >Actor and beauty queen Sushmita Sen celebrated 26 years of her Miss Universe win last week. Sushmita was the first Indian to wear the crown in 1994. However, did you know she almost lost the opportunity to participate in the pageant? Speaking to journalist Rajeev Masand last year, Sushmita had said that she lost her passport right before she was supposed to leave. It was given to Anupama Verma, then a very famous model and she was also a co-ordinator for events. She had my passport for a show in Bangladesh. She needed it for some ID proofing. So I very confidently told Miss India, Dont worry my passport is very safely with Anupama Verma. She couldnt find it. So she did take responsibility for it and she said I dont know what I have done but the timing of it was scary, she said.  Then came the big shock. Organisers of Miss India suggested that the Miss India pageants runner-up, actor Aishwarya Rai be sent in her place instead to the Miss Universe pageant. Meanwhile, Sushmita could go for the Miss World pageant. Of course, the proposal made her very angry. Because when you win something, rightfully so, youre not requesting it. So we now have to come together and ensure that this gets done. Its easy to say Yea, well now we cant find it. The passport is lost. Miss World is in November. You go later, well figure out your passport till then. Sushmita then talked to her father about it and said she would go for no other pageant than Miss Universe. I only cried in front of my father and I said, Baba, Im not going for anything else. I rightfully deserve to go for this. If I cant go, nobody else will go for it, she said. Also see: Kuch Kuch Hota Hai fans cant keep calm as Archana Puran Singh aka Miss Braganza shares message for Anupam Khers Malhotra The issue was resolved when her father got help from late union minister Rajesh Pilot. He said that Sushmita needs all the help as she is representing the country. As is now history, both Aishwarya Rai and Sushmita Sen ended up winning their crowns of Miss World and Miss Universe. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 17:33 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/with-masks-being-the-new-normal-kerala-photographer-develops-one-which-reveals-identity/story-cOCbXAhWYnNAeqqJj1I7SJ.html</url>
<title>With masks being the new normal, Kerala photographer develops one which reveals identity</title>
<body >Going by the advice of the medical fraternity, it seems we have to live with coronavirus for some time, at least till a vaccine is invented. From now on it will be a masked life. It is true that masks have become an integral part of our routine. But it creates many difficulties also-- once you wear it, it is difficult to identify you because it covers the nose, mouth and chin completely. A digital photographer in Etumanoor in Kottayam, Binesh G Paul (38) has developed a unique mask to overcome this identity crisis. After wearing it others can identify you quickly since in the new mask, the covered portion will be superimposed on the mask as it is. Binesh elaborates on how this mask will be made. First we take a photo of the concerned person in a high resolution camera. Then we carry out sublimation printing and transfer the image to a particular paper. Later, the image will be enlarged and we cut the particular portion and superimpose it on the cloth mask with a high degree temperature. At times, we take the measurement of the chin, he explained. A photo-imposed mask can be made in 20 minutes and it will cost Rs 60 a piece. I have made 1000 masks in the last two days and got orders for another 5000. I am flooded with queries. I think nobody has done this before. Once we get more orders we will diversify without compromising the safety of the mask, said Binesh who is into digital photography for more than 10 years. His family, too, is into the business of photography for about 55 years and he has inherited his studio from them. Binesh said he came across different masks carrying pictures of Mickey Mouse, Tom and Jerry, Dora, Chotta Bheem, teddy bears, film actors and animals but did not come across a mask carrying ones own photo. He said this forced him to sit up and think. In ATMs, while checking in airports, examination halls and other occasions masks often create problems. The new mask can overcome this. Like our PM Modi said we have to convert each crisis into an opportunity, said Binesh adding many new innovations are in the offing as long as we cover our face with masks. In port city Kochi, a leading cloth mart has come up with designer masks to fit all occasions, be it a birthday, wedding, betrothal or funeral. There are reports that the Southern Naval Command in Kochi has instructed its personnel to wear masks matching the occasion like white masks with white uniform and navy blue with ceremonial uniforms. During parade different colours will be an eyesore, said a senior police officer adding khaki masks will be made compulsory on such occasions for the police. For the differently-abled, especially who are deaf and hard of hearing, these masks pose innumerable problems, say people working with them. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 19:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/man-with-alleged-maoist-link-nabbed-for-robbing-andheri-petrol-pump-by-ats/story-xljNW5pjO7EHuxWQT5PnyJ.html</url>
<title>Man with alleged Maoist link nabbed for robbing Andheri petrol pump by ATS</title>
<body >The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) Juhu unit arrested a 38-year-old man involved in more than 30 cases of robbery, dacoity and allegedly financing Maoist groups. The accused, Dalbir Singh Balwant Singh Rawat alias Raja alias Pappu Nepali was arrested on Saturday with a country-made pistol and three live cartridges when he came with the intention of conducting robbery at a petrol pump in Andheri (West). According to a press note by the ATS, Rawat along with his associates had robbed 16 kg of gold from a jewellery workshop in Andhra Pradeshs Vijayawada in 2017 and he was still wanted in the case. Rawat has more than 30 past cases of robbery and dacoity in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. Following a tip-off, police inspector Daya Nayak of the Juhu ATS unit laid a trap at Mastkar Petrol pump and arrested Rawat. ATS have registered a case under Arms Act against Rawat and are conducting an inquiry to find out his alleged link with Maoist groups and also trying to find out that the medium through which he used to send money to Maoist group, said ATS officer. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 19:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/mumbai-police-shows-how-not-to-wear-a-mask-using-robert-pattinson-s-pic-from-the-batman/story-ZVN1dS0m1mhJC2tlrLnp7L.html</url>
<title>Mumbai Police shows how not to wear a mask using Robert Pattinsons pic from The Batman</title>
<body >Mumbai Police is at it again. In their latest post, the department has used a reference from an upcoming Hollywood movie to share an important message. This time their cautionary post is about masks. The post is about the correct way of wearing a mask, but its conveyed in a creative and rather witty way. Taking to Twitter, Mumbai Police wrote How not to wear a mask! along with the hashtag #BATforsafetyMAN. They also shared an image of Robert Pattinson from his upcoming movie The Batman. It shows Pattison wearing a face mask but one where his nose and mouth arent covered. And, the department used that to drive home the message that one should wear their masks properly. How not to wear a mask! #BATforsafetyMAN pic.twitter.com/zFza9Mux6l Mumbai Police (@MumbaiPolice) May 24, 2020 How not to wear a mask! #BATforsafetyMAN pic.twitter.com/zFza9Mux6l Since being shared, the post collected tons of appreciative comments from people. Many, as they usually do, praised the people handling the Twitter profile of the department. A few others couldnt stop commenting on the posts creativity. Lol, wrote a Twitter user. Youre always so creative, expressed another. The admin is so cool, wrote a third. Amidst the COVID mayhem @MumbaiPolice has not lost their sense of humour. Super proud of you, tweeted a fourth. Some also shared images of GIFs to express how others should wear a mask. Bane does it better :) pic.twitter.com/5iKX8haKAL Varun Bhambhani (@BuzzTechWeb) May 24, 2020 Bane does it better :) pic.twitter.com/5iKX8haKAL This is how I wear a mask: pic.twitter.com/Lx4UPjdaZ3 Vivek J Chauhan (@VivekJChauhan15) May 24, 2020 This is how I wear a mask: pic.twitter.com/Lx4UPjdaZ3 What do you think of Mumbai Polices tweet? Also Read | Mumbai Police takes inspiration from Christopher Nolans Tenet trailer to share this important message </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 20:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/ludhiana-woman-kills-husband-after-he-tries-to-rape-minor-daughter/story-EmCHsV86buS768sS2ePReO.html</url>
<title>Wife, 2 children kill man after he tries to rape minor daughter in Ludhiana</title>
<body >A 40-year-old man was allegedly strangulated to death by his wife and two children after he tried to rape his minor daughter on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday, in Ludhianas Sundar Nagar area. The man, who was allegedly in an inebriated condition, had threatened to hang himself with a cable wire if they stopped him from raping the daughter, who is 15 years old. In a fit of rage, his wife, along with 20-year-old son and daughter, strangulated him with the same cable. On being informed, the Daresi Police reached the spot and initiated investigation. Police have arrested the woman and her two children on murder charges. The body was sent to the civil hospital for post-mortem. STEPDAUGHTER HAD COMMITTED SUICIDE AFTER RAPE As per the police, the deceased was a building contractor and was already another rape charge. In 2014, the man had allegedly raped his stepdaughter following which, a case had been registered. He was arrested and lodged in jail for six months but later, the family arrived at a compromise and he was let off. However, after he came out of the jail, his stepdaughter committed suicide. HAD RAPED SISTER-IN-LAW TOO BUT NO CASE WAS REGISTERED The accused had also reportedly raped his wifes sister, a few years ago. No complaint was had lodged in this regard, however, she never visited the house after that. Assistant commissioner of police (ACP, North) Gurbinder Singh said the man had got married to the accused woman 21 years ago. It was her second marriage and she had a daughter from her first marriage. The couple has three children-- two sons, aged 20 and 12, and a daughter aged 15. The ACP said that all accused have been arrested. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 05:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/virtual-courts-not-a-substitute-to-physical-courts-justice-dy-chandrachud/story-8YrTg4dmP2IKzFJMnDrdqK.html</url>
<title>Virtual courts not a substitute to physical courts: Justice DY Chandrachud</title>
<body >The sudden outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic forced the Supreme Court to resort to virtual court hearings to ensure the safety of lawyers, litigants and media personnel, Supreme Court judge justice DY Chandrachud said on Sunday. But virtual court hearings will not replace or be a substitute to physical courts, justice Chandrachud made it clear at a webinar organized by Nyaya Forum of National Academy of Legal Studies and Research, Hyderabad on the topic Future of Virtual Courts and Access to Justice in India. I want to dissuade people from the idea that virtual court hearings are some sort of a panacea. They will not be able to replace physical court hearings. We had to resort to virtual court hearings because Covid-19 descended without warning and we had no other choice. We had to protect those who come to court  lawyers, litigants, media personnel, para-legal, interns, he said. The Supreme Court, which is under complete shutdown due to the Coronavirus threat, has been hearing only extremely urgent cases since March 23 via video conferencing without the personal presence of lawyers. The top court had issued a circular on March 23 suspending entry of lawyers and litigants to the court premises and directing that only extremely urgent cases will be taken up for hearing through video conferencing during the lockdown period. The video conferencing is conducted by the court through Vidyo app which can be downloaded on mobile phones and desktop. On the use of technology in courts, justice Chandrachud said that technology is an inseparable adjunct to rule of law and will have to be employed as a critical element in court design. But it should be inclusive and should replace court procedures into manageable chunks, he added. Our court procedures are tardy and unintelligible to common people, justice Chandrachud conceded. Justice Chandrachud, who is also the chairperson of the e-committee at the Supreme Court, said that the digitization of courts including e-filing must be standardized across the country. The filing of cases in Supreme Court is set to undergo a radical change with the introduction of the new e-filing module in the near future. The module will provide personalized information to every advocate-on-Record of cases which have been filed by them, their own causelist of cases, details of pleadings filed by them and pleadings filed by others in cases in which they are appear. The service will be available round the clock which would mean that a lawyer can file a case anytime of the day and any day irrespective of whether the registry is working or not. We as judges have a vital role to ensure that young members of the Bar are trained and we have to do the hand-holding ourselves, justice Chandrachud said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 20:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/floods-affect-more-than-10-000-in-four-districts-of-assam/story-qnpUIExFYAi0GOkA3wxtlI.html</url>
<title>Floods affect more than 10,000 in four districts of Assam</title>
<body >Amid the ongoing lockdown to control spread of Covid-19 pandemic, heavy rainfall in most parts of the state during the weekend has affected 10,800 persons in four districts of Assam. According to Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), 46 villages in seven revenue circles have been affected in Lakhimpur (3), Goalpara (2), Sonitpur (1) and Darrang (1) districts. While water level of most rivers in the state including Brahmaputra and its tributaries have increased in the past two days, only the Jia Bharali was flowing above the danger level at Sonitpur. Floods have affected 23,000 domestic animals and poultry and cases of damage to roads and erosion have been reported from the affected districts. I have directed district administrations to immediately set up special units, consisting officials from various departments and government agencies, to tackle flood and enhance our collaborative efforts to carry out rescue and relief efforts in the flood affected areas, Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal tweeted. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 18:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/worker-who-returned-from-mumbai-dies-of-suspected-covid-19-in-jharkhand/story-cKovlJu6EoACUkg1TPPxcP.html</url>
<title>Worker who returned from Mumbai dies of suspected Covid-19 in Jharkhand</title>
<body >A 19-year-old migrant worker who had returned from Mumbai, died of respiratory complications late Saturday night in Jharkhands Koderma district prompting officials to send his samples for Covid-19 test. The youth had come from Mumbai privately on a truck on May 16 and went straight to his village in Satgawa block. When it came to our knowledge, he was picked up and sent to the quarantine centre set up at the blocks Panchayat Bhawan, said Koderma deputy commissioner Ramesh Gholakh. He added, On Saturday, he developed some Covid-19 symptoms including respiratory trouble and dysentery and was brought to the districts Sadar hospital for treatment. His condition further deteriorated and he was shifted to the citys Jaiprakash Hospital for better treatment but he died late night. Since he had symptoms of coronavirus infection, his samples were taken for testing to confirm if the death was due to pandemic, the deputy commissioner said, adding, Test result is awaited. The body was reportedly cremated as per the health departments protocol for Covid-19 casualties. Koderma district had reported its first Covid-19 death on Saturday after another migrant worker, who too had returned from Mumbai, tested positive for SARS-COV-2 virus after his death on Thursday. The 39-year-old man had died of cardiac arrest on May 21. Since he came from Mumbai, a Covid-19 hotspot, his samples were taken and tested for Covid-19. The test report, which came on Saturday, showed positive. Jharkhand has so far reported 353 positive cases including 141 recoveries and four deaths. On Sunday, three more positive cases were reported from East Singhbhum district taking the states tally to 353. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 19:06 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/punjab-has-reached-out-to-nations-looking-to-move-business-from-china-cm-amarinder-singh/story-QClVro8a5Va1YE7MQf6m5M.html</url>
<title>Punjab has reached out to nations looking to move business from China: CM Amarinder Singh</title>
<body >Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh has said his government has written to various countries which want to shift their business out of China and assured them of all possible support for setting up facilities in the state. Singh said his government is moving aggressively to reach out to embassies of various nations and that they have set up four industrial parks for giving them land for their projects. We have written to Japan, Korean and Taiwanese embassies in India and we are in talks with them and offering them all possible support, in terms of land, infrastructure and other facilities, Singh said during his Facebook Live programme #AskCaptain on Saturday. This comes in the midst of reports that a number of global giants, including Japanese and American companies, are looking to shift their manufacturing facilities to other countries from China in the wake of the pandemic. India is also looking to lure US businesses, including medical devices giant Abbott Laboratories, to relocate from China as President Donald Trumps administration stepped up efforts to blame Beijing for its role in the coronavirus pandemic. India in April reached out to more than 1,000 companies in the US and through overseas missions to offer incentives for manufacturers seeking to move out of China, Bloomberg reported earlier in May, citing government officials. India is prioritising medical equipment suppliers, food processing units, textiles, leather and auto part makers among more than 550 products covered in the discussions, according to officials who asked not to be identified, citing rules on speaking with the media. India expects to win over US companies involved in healthcare products and devices, and is in talks with Medtronic Plc and Abbott Laboratories on relocating their units to the country, an official said. India last month made prior clearance mandatory for foreign investments from countries that share a land border with India, in a move aimed at curbing opportunistic takeovers of Indian companies by Chinese firms following fall in their valuation due to the coronavirus-induced economic downturn. China criticised India for the new policy and called it discriminatory and demanded its review. Before Punjab, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh have offered concessions for those planning to move. Maharashtra has ensured that supply chains for foreign manufacturers remained functional through Indias national virus lockdown. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 16:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/news-updates-from-hindustan-times-mp-struggles-to-halt-covid-19-as-more-districts-affected-and-all-the-latest-news/story-OjIhSbI8uyl5iw4UvqCCkN.html</url>
<title>News updates from Hindustan Times: MP struggles to halt Covid-19 as more districts affected and all the latest news</title>
<body >Here are todays top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times. MP struggles to halt virus as more districts affected The number of coronavirus disease (Covid-19) cases in Madhya Pradesh has increased by around 3000 in the past fortnight, mirroring the national trend of an acceleration in the number of cases in this period. Read more This Delhi village donated Rs 11 lakh to PM CARES Fund Saidulajab, an urban village in Delhi, has set an example in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic in the country as more than 3,700 people have died and over 1.25 have contracted the disease. Read more India now has infrastructure to treat 10 lakh Covid-19 patients: Report The central government has prepared the infrastructure (dedicated hospitals) to treat 10 lakh coronavirus disease patients in the country, Hindustan Times Hindi language publication Hindustan reported. Read more Covid-19:New York Times devotes entire front page to list of virus victims The New York Times has devoted Sundays entire front page to a long list of names of people who have died in the coronavirus pandemic. Read more Feel other guys will send me videos of catching up: Rohit Sharma on Team Indias return to training India are currently in the fourth stage of lockdown with certain green zones with no reported cases, and businesses starting to open up. The government also allowed sportspersons to train individually in sports complexes after taking required permissions from respective boards and local governments, and following strict guidelines. Read more Xiaomis Redmi launches a new TV soundbar: Check price, features Xiaomis sub-brand Redmi is gearing up for the launch of a new smart TV series on May 26. Ahead of the release of Redmi smart TV X, the company has launched a new TV soundbar. Called Redmi TV soundbar, it is priced at 199 Yuan ( 2,120 approximately). Read more Word of the week: Picky? Petty? Or just picayune? Picayune is a relatively recent addition to the English language, going back to the start of the 19th century in the United States. The word picayune, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is an Anglicized version of picaillon, a southern French regional term for a small copper coin that was minted in the Savoy and Piedmont regions of France. Read more Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya told him not to write controversial autobiography, says he thought he was being mahan Actor Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife, Aaliya, who is embroiled in a bitter divorce dispute with him, has spoken about his controversial autobiography, that was pulled from the shelves after numerous complaints in 2017. Read more Watch: This is the 1st time: WB Guv on State cooperating with Centre over Amphan </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 08:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/mixed-results-in-clinical-trials-3-states-for-quarantining-domestic-flyers-covid-19-news-today/story-WBT2B7fQ4cfUXnzqKQX92H.html</url>
<title>Mixed results in clinical trials, 3 states for quarantining domestic flyers: Covid-19 news today</title>
<body >Mixed results from clinical trials of several promising treatments and vaccines against the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) brought good and bad news this week to a world desperate for a remedy. Meanwhile, at least three states -- Karnataka, Punjab and Kerala -- have decided on quarantining domestic flyers reaching there even though civil aviation minister Hardeep Puri has repeatedly said such a move is not needed. Karnataka, Punjab, Kerala order 14-day quarantine after flight A Delhi business executive who has an all-important business meeting in Bengaluru can now fly to the southern city -- domestic airline services are being restored from Monday -- but faces the prospect of a seven-day quarantine at a state-run institution and another seven days out of it. Read more Covid-19: What you need to know today It isnt a competition, yet most states have started treating their response to the coronavirus disease as one. Competitions have metrics, and this one has two  the number of cases, and the number of deaths. Metrics, though, have the ability of provoking undesirable behaviour. Read more Aim to restart international flights before August: Puri India will try to restart a good percentage of international passenger flights before August, civil aviation minister Hardeep Singh Puri on Saturday said, three days after announcing resumption of domestic flights from May 25. Read more Cong releases video of Rahuls interaction with migrants The Congress on Saturday released a video of an interaction between former party chief Rahul Gandhi and a group of migrant workers who were walking back to their village in Uttar Pradesh from Haryana during the lockdown. Read more Covid-19: Clinical trials bring hope, concerns Mixed results from clinical trials of several promising treatments and vaccines against the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) released this week brought both cheer and gloom to a world desperate for a safe and effective treatment or vaccine against a disease that has infected at least 5.3 million people and killed 340,000. Read more Human trial in Chinese vaccine shows promise A vaccine for the coronavirus disease (Covid-19), developed by researchers at Chinas CanSino Biologics was found to be safe and effective in its first test on humans, becoming the latest trial that raises hope for an early candidate that could help make people immune to the viral pandemic. Read more Covid-19 economic proposal stokes controversy, redrafted A group of economists, intellectuals and activists on Saturday redrafted their seven-point Mission Jai Hind proposal to deal with the Covid-19 crisis after one of their suggestions of treating all resources of the nation and its citizens -- cash, real estate, property and bonds -- as national resources triggered a controversy. Some of the plans signatories also opposed the idea. Read more Farm sector, poised to grow by 3%, remains beacon of hope amid pandemic Fresh indicators show the countrys farm sector, which employs nearly half the population, has coped well with the Covid-19 crisis, with a larger summer crop area than last year, higher sales of fertilisers and seeds, and better prices, leading Reserve Bank Governor Shaktikanta Das to call it a beacon of hope. Read more Migrants protest lack of food, water Migrant workers travelling on Shramik special trains allegedly damaged railway property at separate places in Uttar Pradesh on Saturday while protesting against scarcity of food, water and unscheduled stoppage during their travel, officials said. Read more 141 flights to W Asia to be part of Vande Bharat phase 2 The Indian government on Saturday added 141 more flights to West Asian countries for the second phase of Vande Bharat Mission, its massive repatriation programme for citizens stranded overseas because of Covid-19-related travel restrictions. Read more Ivanka Trump under fire for tweet on migrants US presidential adviser Ivanka Trumps praise of an Indian teenagers bicycle ride home is drawing criticism in India for being insensitive to the plight of migrant workers struggling in a lockdown. Read more F1 teams come together to fight virus The exit of Sebastian Vettel from Scuderia Ferrari has been the biggest Formula One news story during the pandemic. What slipped through almost unnoticed was that at the same time as Vettels exit, Ferrari unveiled a new pulmonary ventilator for Covid-19 patientsconceived, designed and built in five weeks. Read more </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 08:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cong-releases-video-of-rahul-s-interaction-with-migrants/story-mBJp2gJBG3lV9FLbMDvZmL.html</url>
<title>Cong releases video of Rahuls interaction with migrants</title>
<body >The Congress on Saturday released a video of an interaction between former party chief Rahul Gandhi and a group of migrant workers who were walking back to their village in Uttar Pradesh from Haryana during the lockdown. The interaction took place on May 16 near the Sukhdev Vihar flyover in New Delhi. The workers were on their way from Ambala to Jhansi, a distance of about 600 km. Gandhi met them when they stopped to rest, after walking over 100 km. In the 17-minute video, Gandhi is seen sitting on a footpath with the migrants. For almost an hour, he listened to their story, their hardships and the reasons for deciding to flee their workplace and why they were forced to walk home, and also their fears, and aspirations, the Congress said. At the request of the group, Gandhi and Congress volunteers organised transport and the necessary permits to get them back to their village,the party added. In the video, Mahesh Kumar, a migrant worker, tells :We are helpless. What can we do? We have to walk. Another construction worker and his family members tell Gandhi that they would have left for their homes had there been prior information about the lockdown The workers remained non-committal about returning to their work places. Gandhi concluded the video with a message :My brother and sisters, you are the strength of this country, you carry the burden of this country on your shoulders. The entire country wants justice (nyay) for you. The BJP reacted sharply to the documentary. Rahul Gandhi has been indulging in camera politics by visiting and speaking to migrants in non-Congress ruled states. He has not given them any relief but indulges in misery politics, BJP spokesperson GVL Narasimha Rao said.From Ambala in Haryana, Rajasthan (ruled bythe Congress) is only a few km away. He would have heard woes of migrants in Rajasthan had he ventured there. Alas, Rahul is only interested in politics and not helping migrants. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 08:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/aim-to-restart-international-flights-before-august-puri/story-WfMh2uGPBWrDzgh3jaewMO.html</url>
<title>Aim to restart international flights before August: Puri</title>
<body >India will try to restart a good percentage of international passenger flights before August, civil aviation minister Hardeep Singh Puri on Saturday said, three days after announcing resumption of domestic flights from May 25. Amid the pandemic, a few states have questioned the move to restart domestic services, he admitted, adding that some hesitation was expected even as the Centre has been trying to meet their concerns. The minister, while addressing a FacebookLive session, clarified again that Aarogya Setu app is not mandatory for air passengers and they can instead give a self-declaration form. Puri said during the session, I cant put a date on it (restarting international flights). But if somebody says can it be done by August or September? My response is why not earlier depending on what is the situation. When asked about the ministers comment on resuming international services, Vistara said it will await instructions from the Civil Aviation Ministry. Other airlines did not respond. I am fully hopeful that before August or September, we will try to start a good percentage of international civil aviation operations, if not complete international operations, he said. We must have a more ambitious goal. Why not start them by mid-June or June-end or in July. All scheduled commercial passenger flights have been suspended in India since March 25 when the Modi government imposed a lockdown to contain the coronavirus pandemic. The minister said that the Vande Bharat Mission, which began on May 7, would be able to bring a total 50,000 Indians, who have been stranded abroad, home by the end of this month. Between May 7 and May 21, around 23,000 Indians have been repatriated through flights operated by Air India and its subsidiary under this mission. Passengers have to pay to book a seat on any repatriation flight being operated under the mission. If you do not have Aarogya Setu app, you can give a self-declaration form, Puri said. The passenger can get tested for the virus two or three days before departure, get that medical certificate, and just fill in the form, Puri noted.If you have the app, and if you have got yourself tested for Covid-19 and found negative, and if you do not show symptoms, then I think there is no need for quarantine, he said. While most states are ready, Puri said few states have talked to his senior colleagues (ministers) and questioned the necessity of restarting domestic flights so soon. They said the Centre should delay it further by 2-3 days. So, they (ministers) asked the states to send the concerns in writing. But the states did not. This will keep going on. When we are dealing with a situation like this, we should expect that there would be some hesitation. But it is our (Centres) responsibility and we should make efforts to make those concerns, he said </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 08:18 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/opinion/migrants-are-back-home-creating-jobs-for-them-is-next-challenge-opinion/story-KrneZCcKnshU8Cc8qoOxvO.html</url>
<title>Migrants are back home. Creating jobs for them is next challenge | Opinion</title>
<body >India under lockdown 4.0 has taken a series of steps to move towards normalcy. Although the number of confirmed coronavirus cases has risen sharply to more than 1.32 lakh and deaths are touching the 4,000-mark, state governments and district authorities have been tasked to open up shops, let industrial operations begin and allow movement of people with restrictions in accordance with the prevailing coronavirus infections in the area. Things are, by and large, limping back to normalcy but people are still hesitant to venture out due to fear of contracting the coronavirus disease.It is expected that things will improve after some time. The central government has prudently decided to start railway and air services. These steps are necessary to give confidence to the people to resume their normal lives. The number of Covid-19 infections in India are largely concentrated in states such as Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Delhi. These states account for 67% of the 1.31 lakh cases. According to Union Health Ministry data, Maharashtra with 47,190 cases and 1577 deaths tops the list followed by Tamil Nadu with 15,512 cases. Compare these numbers with that of Uttar Pradesh which, population wise, has nearly twice the population of Maharashtra, but has 6,017 coronavirus cases and 155 deaths. As per the official reports, 3,406 people out of the 6,017 infected people have recovered and more than 90% of the remaining people are also on the road of recovery. Some other states have also shown significantly better performance in controlling the spread of coronavirus. Remember that a large swathe of population of Uttar Pradesh resides in the neighborhood of Delhi. But still the state could manage to isolate itself from the spread of the virus. Ghaziabad, which shares a long boundary with Delhi, recorded very few cases as compared to the national capital. Kerala is another state that succeeded in containing the spread of virus early. It helped that it has one of the best human development index in our country, a good health services infrastructure, a fully literate population and so on. Uttar Pradesh had none of these advantages. Its health-related infrastructure, at best, can be rated as average, literacy levels below the national average and has the maximum number of poor people to look after. Despite these adverse factors, its performance in dealing with this pandemic is praiseworthy. Certainly, no one has a magic wand but to follow the guidelines issued from time to time by the Government of India to control the disease. It can be inferred safely that those states who strictly followed the standard operating procedures succeeded in containing the spread of the virus. Uttar Pradesh was one of the states which went about its business professionally with hands on policy and daily monitoring and ensured implementation of the relevant guidelines with vigour. The strict implementation of the lockdown guidelines at times, did cause inconvenience to people but it seems to be paying off, so far. Now Uttar Pradesh and other states such as Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa and West Bengal have to face the bigger challenge of handling the lakhs and lakhs of labourers who have returned to their homes and are still coming back in droves. Due to this, there has been a noticeable spike in the number of Covid-19 cases in Uttar Pradesh and other states. Again, the states who show the will to follow the laid-down guidelines in this regard stand a better chance of containing the spread of the virus. So far that seems to be the case in Uttar Pradesh, where the state machinery has set in motion the protocol to quarantine them and test all those showing any symptom of the coronavirus disease. It is also noteworthy that during the lockdown, Uttar Pradesh, whose mainstay is agriculture, ensured that agriculture operations, mandis, and other related operations continued with social distancing norms. This kept nearly 70% of the population safe and engaged. But the bigger challenge awaits states such as Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Orissa etc. These lakhs of migrant labourers will have to be provided with productive jobs at the earliest. The rural job guarantee scheme MGNREGA is not going to help the situation. Our experience of nearly four decades in implementing such programmes on the ground tells us that they have outlived their utility a long time ago. Time has come to have a fresh look at how to create employment opportunities for all those who have had to leave their homes in search of employment and go to other states. Mere slogans are not going to help us solve this serious issue of widespread unemployment staring at us. This is the most pressing problem today and we need to fix the problem expeditiously. Tomorrow may be too late. (VS Pandey is a retired Uttar Pradesh cadre IAS officer and retired as secretary to the Government of India) </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 07:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/uttarakhand-may-use-rapid-testing-on-borders-after-consultation-with-icmr-says-hc/story-KWyHBO76v2mQgeP1eFF7OL.html</url>
<title>Uttarakhand may use rapid testing on borders after consultation with ICMR, says HC</title>
<body >Expressing concern over many migrants returning to the state testing positive for Covid-19, the Uttarakhand high court on Monday directed that state government may use rapid testing for surveillance purposes on borders, only after consultation with the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), which is the nodal agency spearheading the fight against the pandemic in the country. The HC said the sense which we get from the long discussion we had so far is that the State government may implement the use of rapid testing for surveillance purposes, only after consultation with ICMR. The courts direction came while hearing a PIL filed by Haridwar-based Sachdanand Dabral regarding the plight of the migrants and other needy people amid lockdown. So far 24 people who returned to Uttarakhand from other states during the ongoing evacuation process have turned Covid-19 positive in the state, raising alarm bells among the health officials fighting the epidemic in the state. The state has so far reported 96 Covid-19 cases. The HC noted that the Secretary, health, government of Uttarakhand as of now has assured this court that the government will consult ICMR on whether rapid testing can be done at the borders for surveillance purposes only, and he shall apprise this court of the outcome on the next date of listing, according to Shiv Bhatt, counsel of the petitioner. The next hearing in the matter has been fixed on May 20 In the PIL, Dabral had alleged that authorities concerned had failed to provide relief materials to daily wage labourers and needy persons on their doorsteps during the lockdown, adding that such people are incapable of approaching the court as in the present crisis they are without any food or money... On May 13, HC had sought reply from state and Central government on two issues - whether, each person returning to the state was also being medically examined as thermal screening is not enough and whether antigen tests, or any other rapid tests, could be performed on people returning to the state. Abhishek Tripathi, chief operational officer for Covid-19 in Uttarakhand said that ICMR has said that rapid testing is not an authentic test and it has not recommended it. As per the guideline from ICMR of April 27, it had said that it advocates that RT-PCR throat/nasal swab test as the best use for diagnosis of Covid-19. RT-PCR test detects the virus early and is the best strategy to identify and isolate the individual, said Tripathi. According to government officials, till Monday evening, over 2.25 lakh registrations for return to Uttarakhand had been made on the state website. Of these, the state government under its evacuation process has so far brought back 1,04,461 people through trains and buses. In the case of people from other states stranded in Uttarakhand, 38,176 have registered with the government for return to their respective states. Of these, 22,526 have been sent to their respective states. </body>
<date >Updated: May 18, 2020 22:01 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/neha-dhupia-takes-fans-inside-her-cosy-home-shares-pic-of-perfect-family-moment-with-angad-bedi-and-daughter-mehr/story-b0YrjiDTROdqZvzzPXUugI.html</url>
<title>Neha Dhupia takes fans inside her cosy home, shares pic of perfect family moment with Angad Bedi and daughter Mehr</title>
<body >Actor Neha Dhupia has shared a picture of the perfect morning spent with family. Taking to social media, Neha shared a photo of herself and husband Angad Bedi playing with their daughter Mehr. Mood ... #day10 #lockdown #lovkdownlove with @BediMehr @Imangadbedi, she captioned the post. The photo shows Mehr playing on their living room floor with toys all around. Angad is snoozing next to her with legs up on a chair and his knee in bandage. Neha is sitting farther away near the windows, paying attention to Mehr. Mood ... #day10 #lockdown #lovkdownlove with @BediMehr @Imangadbedi  pic.twitter.com/nXxLtkPWUE Neha Dhupia (@NehaDhupia) April 3, 2020 Mood ... #day10 #lockdown #lovkdownlove with @BediMehr @Imangadbedi  pic.twitter.com/nXxLtkPWUE Angad Bedi recently came out in support of Neha over her comments on reality show Roadies Revolution. Angad took to Instagram, where he shared a string of photographs of himself along with Neha and said that it was his five girlfriends. He Sun MERI baat.. here are my 5 girlfriends! Ukhad lo jo ukhad na hai! @nehadhupia #itsmychoice, he captioned the images. Also read: Anushka Sharma interrupts Virat Kohlis live chat with Kevin Pietersen: Chalo chalo dinner time The controversy started after a recent episode of the ongoing season of MTV Roadies Revolution, wherein Neha, who is a gang leader, reprimanded a male contestant for slapping a girl for allegedly cheating on him. She also defended the girl saying as far as cheating goes, its her choice. Nehas attitude, however, did not find favour with netizens, with many users alleging she was a fake feminist. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 03, 2020 12:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/madhuri-dixit-reveals-ek-do-teen-was-shot-with-a-real-crowd-of-1000-people-people-would-fling-money-on-the-screens/story-gsoM5AmALqGApUVnW5mEmN.html</url>
<title>Madhuri Dixit reveals Ek Do Teen was shot with a real crowd of 1000 people: People would fling money on the screens</title>
<body >Bollywood actor and dancing diva Madhuri Dixit has shared several fun facts about her hit song Ek Do Teen during a chat with her fans on Twitter. She has revealed that the hit dance number was shot with a real crowd of 1000 people as the audience. Lets start our #SunoSunaoWithMD Listening Party with #EkDoTeen! Right from starting the rehearsals 10-15 days before the shoot to shooting with a real crowd of 1,000 people, the song has been so special.  Send me your questions  share your memories of the song with me, she asked fans to send questions. Also read: Amitabh Bachchan shares throwback pic with Hindi and Bengali actors, asks fans to name them. See pic Madhuri further wrote, The hookstep became so popular at that time. I was shocked to know that people used to demand the song to be replayed in the theatres before the movie could continue  fling money on the screens. Everyone had started calling me Mohini. Wow, this song brought back many memories. The hookstep became so popular at that time. I was shocked to know that people used to demand the song to be replayed in the theatres before the movie could continue  fling money on the screens. Everyone had started calling me Mohini. Wow, this song brought back many memories! Madhuri Dixit Nene (@MadhuriDixit) April 10, 2020 The hookstep became so popular at that time. I was shocked to know that people used to demand the song to be replayed in the theatres before the movie could continue  fling money on the screens. Everyone had started calling me Mohini. Wow, this song brought back many memories! Let's start our #SunoSunaoWithMD Listening Party with #EkDoTeen! Right from starting the rehearsals 10-15 days before the shoot to shooting with a real crowd of 1,000 people, the song has been so special. Send me your questions  share your memories of the song with me. Madhuri Dixit Nene (@MadhuriDixit) April 10, 2020 Let's start our #SunoSunaoWithMD Listening Party with #EkDoTeen! Right from starting the rehearsals 10-15 days before the shoot to shooting with a real crowd of 1,000 people, the song has been so special. Send me your questions  share your memories of the song with me. Asked if she knew the song would become so popular, Madhuri tweeted, I didnt know that the song would get so popular. But it definitely feels great that it did! The tweet Madhuri quoted said, We believe the male version of #EkDoTeen was shot after the movie release since your version became so popular! This was a first of its kind song to have something like this. Did you always know it would gain popularity? I didn't know that the song would get so popular. But it definitely feels great that it did! https://t.co/jCW1NnwLzS Madhuri Dixit Nene (@MadhuriDixit) April 10, 2020 I didn't know that the song would get so popular. But it definitely feels great that it did! https://t.co/jCW1NnwLzS Ek Do Teen featured in 1988 film Tezaab which proved to be Madhuris first claim to fame. Anil Kapoor starred opposite Madhuri in the movie that was produced and directed by N Chandra. Laxmikant-Pyarelal composed music for the film, including Ek Do Teen. Watch Madhuri groove to Ek Do teen:  Watch Jacquelines version here: The song was recently remade for Tiger Shroffs Baaghi 2 and Jacqueline Fernandez featured in the new version that was crooned by Shreya Ghoshal. The song was also recreated for Ameesha Patels Desi Magic.Both  versions came out in 2018. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 11, 2020 10:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/paras-chhabra-reacts-to-jay-bhanushali-s-fight-with-his-fans-what-s-wrong-with-helping-people-promote-that-on-social-media/story-8txpdBtLxwYEB7KlLiILYM.html</url>
<title>Paras Chhabra reacts to Jay Bhanushalis fight with his fans: Whats wrong with helping people, promote that on social media?</title>
<body >Actor Paras Chhabra has been self isolating like almost all of Bollywood and TV industry stars during lockdown due to the coronavirus pandemic. OnApril 7, however, he posted a video of his Bigg Boss co-contestant Mahira Sharma and him distributing essential items to needy. The gesture led to a war of words between another actor couple - Jay Bhanushali and his wife Maahi Vij and his and Mahiras fans. Now, he has  reacted to the controversy. Speaking to Pinkvilla, he said that he did it out of concern for the needy and not because he was a show off. He said: Bigg Boss is a platform that brings in a lot of popularity and Bigg Boss 13 was one of the highest-rated seasons so far so every single contestant is popular right now. So whatever people are talking about that we are doing this to show off but that is not true. We go out to buy essentials ourselves and we see how there are people, the daily wage earners who are asking for essentials like aata among other things. We are celebrities and we share photos of brands, etc so that people are buying it. And so, if we can do that, what is wrong with helping out people who are needier and promote that on social media? View this post on Instagram           So finally we both decided to help and distributing essential food packages to the under privileged with the guide lines issued by WHO- wearing a mask and practicing social distancing @officialmahirasharma #paraschhabra #actor #bollywood #biggboss #films #television #corona #entertainment #stayhome #pandemic #covid19 #narendramodi #primeminister #initiative #candles #light #biggboss13 #colors #abrakadabra A post shared by  Paras Chhabra (@parasvchhabrra) on Apr 7, 2020 at 6:09am PDT So finally we both decided to help and distributing essential food packages to the under privileged with the guide lines issued by WHO- wearing a mask and practicing social distancing @officialmahirasharma #paraschhabra #actor #bollywood #biggboss #films #television #corona #entertainment #stayhome #pandemic #covid19 #narendramodi #primeminister #initiative #candles #light #biggboss13 #colors #abrakadabra A post shared by  Paras Chhabra (@parasvchhabrra) on Apr 7, 2020 at 6:09am PDT He added, I simply thought if I can help and contribute to making things easier for them, then why not? Also, they dont even have masks or sanitizers, so I just did my bit and gave them the essentials and did what was in my capacity. So that was for people who belong to well to do families and of course WHO has laid out guidelines to step out and we must follow those while doing it. Now if someone is interpreting it in another sense and calling it show off, then that does not bother me. It is simply about helping someone and positivity, we are all sitting at home anyway, so why not. Sorry to say but distributing food to needy has become a PR stunt for lot of so called actors..if you really want dua/blessing from them or God pls leave you phones home..could see ppl not being comfortable with cameras around. #COVIDIDIOT #lockdowneffect #HumanityFirst Jay Bhanushaali (JB) (@jaybhanushali0) April 7, 2020 Sorry to say but distributing food to needy has become a PR stunt for lot of so called actors..if you really want dua/blessing from them or God pls leave you phones home..could see ppl not being comfortable with cameras around. #COVIDIDIOT #lockdowneffect #HumanityFirst He continued, It simply depicts ones thinking. People are telling me that they havent named anyone, and well, I havent taken anyones name either. It is just that fans are smart enough to know who is it aimed at and when I visited their post as well, they wrote things like so called actor and well, I can understand things too since it has come a day after our post so it was pretty clear.If you really want to spread the message of helping poor click pics just with the stuff you are going to donate.pls dont click the pics and make videos with people..sad very sad disappointed at this time ppl want to gain publicity #COVIDIDIOT #lockdowneffect Jay Bhanushaali (JB) (@jaybhanushali0) April 7, 2020 If you really want to spread the message of helping poor click pics just with the stuff you are going to donate.pls dont click the pics and make videos with people..sad very sad disappointed at this time ppl want to gain publicity #COVIDIDIOT #lockdowneffect Also read: Neha Kakkar says she doesnt get paid for her Bollywood songs, says they feel well earn through shows On April 7, the day Paras had posted his video, Jay tweeted that distributing food has become a PR stunt for some actors and added that if they must shoot, they should do so about stuff they are distributing and not show the faces of the poor. He had written: Sorry to say but distributing food to needy has become a PR stunt for lot of so called actors..if you really want dua/blessing from them or God pls leave you phones home..could see ppl not being comfortable with cameras around. #COVIDIDIOT #lockdowneffect #HumanityFirst. Jay had continued, If you really want to spread the message of helping poor click pics just with the stuff you are going to donate.pls dont click the pics and make videos with people..sad very sad disappointed at this time ppl want to gain publicity . The tweet was interpreted by Paras and Mahiras fans as a comment on their act of distributing essential items among the needy. Jay and later his wife Mahhi too were massively trolled. Taking on one troll, Mahhi had written: Losers we didnt even know wt Paras was doing so shut your mouth bdw thank u for telling us ... pic.twitter.com/CNnsw7R18s Paras Chhabra (@paras_chhabra) April 8, 2020  pic.twitter.com/CNnsw7R18s  pic.twitter.com/CNnsw7R18s Paras Chhabra (@paras_chhabra) April 8, 2020  pic.twitter.com/CNnsw7R18s While Jay had not taken anyones name, Paras, nonetheless, posted a note on Twitter to explain his viewpoint. He mentioned that for him it was a way to show that he cared. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 11, 2020 11:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/sonam-kapoor-bakes-cake-for-family-in-delhi-her-mother-in-law-s-reaction-will-melt-your-heart/story-A3gZXz1kPkhbzQg2NKc0hP.html</url>
<title>Sonam Kapoor bakes cake for family in Delhi, her mother-in-laws reaction will melt your heart</title>
<body >Sonam Kapoor is staying with her husband Anand Ahuja and in-laws in Delhi and has been treating them to her handmade delicacies. The actor has now shared a glimpse of the chocolate walnut cake she made. Among the first ones to praise the actor for her cooking skills was her mother-in-law Priya Ahuja. Sharing the picture on Instagram, Sonam wrote, Made chocolate walnut cake today. I had run out of chocolate and @fortunegourmetindia sent me some amazing quality chocolate. Thanks so much @missdevi for organising. Love you. The actor, seen in a black dress with some jewellery, is working in the kitchen and shows off the cake baked by her. Praising them for her efforts, Priya wrote, Amazing cakes beta. How to manage the weight gain. Everybody is Loving them so much. Her fans also appreciated her for her efforts and reacted with yum in the comments section. A fan even called her the culinary queen. Sonams love for cooking is evident from the fact when Sonam asked her fans and friends to send her Mexican recipes on her Instagram stories. She wrote, So I have been cooking for the FAM everyday. And today Im doing veg Mexican. Any suggestions or recipes you guys ? Going into the kitchen. I dont have black beans or anything canned. And I make everything from scratch. And her cousin Mohit Marwah immediately forwarded her the recipe of a Mexican dish. Also read: Karisma Kapoor says daughter Samaira interested in all aspects of movies: She is just experimenting, learning the ropes Sonam and husband Anand had flown from London last month and were in self quarantine for two weeks. Since she couldnt visit Mumbai to be with her family amid lockdown, her regular posts for father Anil Kapoor, mother Sunita and sister Rhea Kapoor prove how much she misses them. Sonam had shared her experience of returning from London amid coronavirus outbreak in her Instagram stories. She said, I just want to say that it is incredible the way the authorities are handling the situation. Its very commendable and laudable. We went to immigration; they again rechecked where we had been on our passports, which was extremely responsible. Then, Anand and I, had our gloves on and our masks on. Everybody also had their gloves and masks on. We got our luggage and we went through. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 11, 2020 11:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ajay-devgn-to-return-with-raid-2-producers-confirm-script-is-under-development/story-EDndOELxtXm02aMKQs4vaK.html</url>
<title>Ajay Devgn to return with Raid 2, producers confirm script is under development</title>
<body >Ajay Devgn is all set to return with Raid 2  which will revolve around a case inspired by a true story. The  actor had played IRS officer Amay Patnaik in the original and will be the face of the Raid franchise. A Mumbai Mirror report quoted a source as saying, The franchise seeks to bring into the public eye heroes who work closely with intelligence agencies to track white-collar crimes. To this day, nobody knows the identity of the officer on whom Ajays Amay was modeled. Raid 2 will also be a tribute to men who dont wear the uniform. T-Series Bhushan Kumar has also confirmed the script for Raid 2 is currently being developed. Co-producer Shushan told the daily,  It will be a huge multi-film franchise and Ajay ji and I, along with Kumar Mangat ji, are looking to take Raid forward. The script of Part 2 is being developed. Since the original was a much loved film, the sequel is a huge responsibility. After the super success of Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior, theres a lot of pressure on this collaboration to live up to the expectation. Raid starred Ileana DCruz as Ajays onscreen wife while Saurabh Shukla played the role of a corrupt politician referred as Tauji. The film was appreciated by the critics. It was based on the longest raid in the 80s with Ajay playing the central role. Also read: Alia Bhatt pens poem to appreciate natures beauty on Earth Day, writes I promise to value our home by doing better Meanwhile, Ajay is basking in the success of his 100th film, Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior. The actor had co-produced the film which also featured Kajol as his onscreen wife Savitribai Malusare and had Saif Ali Khan in the role of the lead antagonist, Uday Bhan. The film went on to become the years biggest blockbuster with collection of Rs 279 crore at the domestic box office. Ajay has a big lineup of films in the next two years. He will be seen in Bhuj: The Pride of India, Indra Kumars Thank God, Kaithi remake and Neeraj Pandeys Chanakya. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 23, 2020 08:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/asha-negi-on-kissing-for-first-time-in-baarish-2-i-was-awkward-very-shy/story-pQabIKbQz3lXLChuA2bEGM.html</url>
<title>Asha Negi on kissing for first time in Baarish 2: I was awkward, very shy</title>
<body >Asha Negi is back with the second season of her web show, Baarish 2. The actor plays a middle-class Marathi woman who gets married to a businessman, played by Sharman Joshi. Asha, who shot to fame as Purvi in the hit TV show Pavitra Rishta, is currently living alone during lockdown and its the domestic chores that bother her the most. The actor spoke to Hindustan Times in a video interview about the show and life amid lockdown. Talking about working with Sharman again, the actor said, Sharman is very sweet and calm, apart from the fact that he is so talented and such a great performer. We had a lot of fun shooting for the show. In the first season, we took time before we became friends. We were so comfortable in the second season that we had to put in efforts to become more awkward and shy on screen. But otherwise, it was a great time shooting with him.  Asha is also seen kissing on screen for the first time and confessed it was an awkward experience for her. I was very awkward and very shy while shooting for the kissing scene. When Ekta maam told me about it, I told her that I dont really have a problem but I will be very awkward and shy on set, you will have to take care of that and make me do it. Director Nandita and Sharman were super supportive and they helped me throughout the scene to be more comfortable. Asha is currently staying all by herself during lockdown. On being asked about the challenges of her situation, she said, The biggest challenge is cooking yourself and doing your dishes after eating. The cleaning process is difficult because the help is not coming anymore. Apart from that, you miss your family and meeting your friends. The actor also shared about bringing about a change in her lifestyle. I have become more responsible and understanding that its about the simple things in life, she said. Asha is all set to make her Bollywood debut with Anurag Basus Ludo and revealed the makers were all set to unveil the trailer but it was delayed due to lockdown. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 10, 2020 09:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/rithvik-dhanjani-posts-cryptic-note-post-break-up-with-asha-negi-nothing-should-go-back-to-normal-normal-wasn-t-working/story-OI1k05BWqh747iTgMF6iqM.html</url>
<title>Rithvik Dhanjani posts cryptic note post break-up with Asha Negi: Nothing should go back to normal, normal wasnt working</title>
<body >Rithvik Dhanjani has shared a cryptic posts on social media amid reports of break-up with girlfriend Asha Negi. The television actor took to his Instagram stories to share two love notes about unconditional love and why not to go back to normal. He wrote on his Instagram stories on Monday, To know love is to know how to give. Unconditionally. There is no greater wisdom than unconditional love. The yoga of love. He shared another quote that read, Nothing should go back to normal. Normal wasnt working. If we go back to the way things were, we will have lost the lesson. May we rise up and do better. Earlier, a report in Pinkvilla had quoted a source as saying, The two have been dating each other for the longest time but things havent been too well between the two, of late. Apparently, they are currently on a break and are trying to see if it can go any further. But, the dent is already being felt by close friends. Rithvik and Asha were in a relationship for around six years after working together on the hit TV show, Pavitra Rishta. The two participated in the celebrity dance reality show Nach Baliye Season 6, and even won the trophy. Rithvik has appeared in many popular TVshows such as Pavitra Rishta, Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani and Kumkum Bhagya. Asha has appeared in shows like Jamai Raja, Kumkum Bhagya. She was last seen in 2019 web show Baarish opposite Sharman Joshi and will now be making her Bollywood debut with Anurag Basus film Ludo. Recently, Rithvik was in Spain with friends: actors Karan Wahi, Neha Sharma and Aisha Sharma at the time of coronavirus outbreak and managed to make a timely return ahead of the lockdown. Asha had not accompanied them on their international trip. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 21, 2020 08:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/pooja-bedi-reveals-daughter-alaya-f-son-omar-encouraged-her-to-remarry-before-she-met-fiance-maneck-contractor/story-okCn5wcMB1cbQBJOVw0LxI.html</url>
<title>Pooja Bedi reveals daughter Alaya F, son Omar encouraged her to remarry before she met fianc Maneck Contractor</title>
<body >Pooja Bedi, who is a single mother to daughter Alaya F and son Omar, has found love again in Maneck Contractor. The couple got engaged on Valentines Day last year and will soon tie the knot. In a recent interview, she revealed that her children were extremely supportive of all her relationships and have been persuading her to get married. My children have really liked the men in my life and they have liked each one of them. For whatever reason, it hasnt worked out, but I enjoyed the journey with them, she told SpotboyE in an interview. Alaya and Omar encouraged Pooja to settle down with someone, just like her ex-husband, Farhan Furniturewala. Farhan is happily married to Laila Khan Furniturewala and has a son named Zaan with her. Just before Maneck came into my life, Alaya and Omar were chatting about something and they said, Mama, you should really get your life together. I said, What? They said, Yeah, look at papa. He has met Laila aunty and settled down with her. They have had a child together. He has got his life sorted. You should also get someone and just get married and settle down, she said. Also see: Taapsee Pannu says she forced sister Shagun to tie her a rakhi, says even I am protecting her. See pic Maneck was Poojas senior at The Lawrence School, Sanawar, and they reconnected after many years on their alumni WhatsApp group. After being in a relationship for a little over a year, he popped the question in the most romantic way possible. He has literally swept me off my feet...  i accepted Maneck Contractor's proposal whilst sailing in a hot air balloon  Wish all of you a lifetime of happiness  to always dream of a rainbow at the end of a storm  pic.twitter.com/JGvBSoIc2V Pooja Bedi (@poojabeditweets) February 14, 2019 He has literally swept me off my feet...  i accepted Maneck Contractor's proposal whilst sailing in a hot air balloon  Wish all of you a lifetime of happiness  to always dream of a rainbow at the end of a storm  pic.twitter.com/JGvBSoIc2V Announcing her engagement, Pooja had tweeted, He has literally swept me off my feet... i accepted Maneck Contractors proposal whilst sailing in a hot air balloon. Wish all of you a lifetime of happiness  to always dream of a rainbow at the end of a storm. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 13, 2020 17:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/taapsee-pannu-says-she-forced-sister-shagun-to-tie-her-a-rakhi-says-even-i-am-protecting-her-see-pic/story-03ZRqwCsyr8rQJBeRLHY9N.html</url>
<title>Taapsee Pannu says she forced sister Shagun to tie her a rakhi, says even I am protecting her. See pic</title>
<body >Taapsee Pannu has shared a throwback picture with her sister Shagun and another housemate from the day when she made them tie a rakhi on her wrist, opposed to the practice of sisters tying a sacred thread on their brothers wrist on Raksha Bandhan. The actor, however, justified why she made the two perform the ritual. She wrote, The day I forced these 2 to tie rakhi to me coz after all raksha toh main bhi kar rahi hu na (even I am protecting them). The perks of being the eldest sibling are, you have the minions to get you the remote , water and also to crush n cuddle #Throwback #Archive #QuarantinePost. The picture shows the cartoon themed rakhis tied on her wrist as she poses with Shagun and another woman for the camera. A few days ago, Taapsee had shared a few then and now pictures with Shagun. Coz she has grown up too much... n so has my urge to hold her. The awkward look on her face stays the same n the excitement in my eyes is intact ! Basically we r the only constant that change couldnt affect. P.S- My favourite pose to get a picture clicked with puchi stays the same !. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on May 6, 2020 at 5:36am PDT A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on May 6, 2020 at 5:36am PDT Taapsee is currently staying with the two women at her residence in Mumbai amid lockdown. Last month, she had shared an anecdote about shifting to her new home two years ago. She revealed it was her sister and mother who setup the house for her. Taapsee took to Instagram, where she shared a photograph of herself posing in front of her blue door. She shared that it was a very seamless transition for her. Like a new chapter began just like that. It was a very seamless transition for me but it went through its share of teething issues which were all sorted by my sister n mom before I entered home. Made me realise no matter how much effort you put in, the house stays a house until its lived in with your family who then make it Home. Thats the blue door that I wanted for my home and to keep the ambition flying high I always wanted a logo instead of a name plate outside my house. Also read: Illegal review: Neha Sharma, Kubbra Sait deliver their best performances in new-age legal drama Seeing it all come together for the first time was definitely a defining moment in a girls life who wanted to create her own space which she can look at everytime she sets an ambitious goal and feel its possible, she added. On the film front, after giving a stellar performance in Thappad, Taapsee will next be seen in Haseen Dillruba, Rashmi Rocket and Shabaash Mithu. She plays the titular roles in all the three films. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 13, 2020 12:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/music/yuzvendra-chahal-hilariously-crashes-jassie-gill-and-shehnaaz-gill-s-instagram-live-wants-to-star-in-music-video/story-ufujhdOK3vpRBuqUUtsPyL.html</url>
<title>Yuzvendra Chahal hilariously crashes Jassie Gill and Shehnaaz Gills Instagram live, wants to star in music video</title>
<body >Jassie Gill and Shehnaaz Gill surprised their fans with an impromptu live session on Instagram, as the lyrical video of their new single Keh Gayi Sorry released on Tuesday. Cricketer Yuzvendra Chahal hilariously crashed the Instagram chat and left a funny comment. Koi mere naal bhi song karlo (Make a song with me as well), Im free quarantine time, he wrote. Responding to the unexpected cameo by the bowler, Jassie said, Chahal is an old friend and I am glad he liked the song. The lyrical video of Keh Gayi Sorry is nearing five million views on YouTube and is one of the top trending videos in India. While Jassie and Shehnaaz shot for a teaser from their respective homes, the full music video will be shot once the lockdown ends. I am looking forward to shooting the video with Shehnaaz post the lockdown. Till then I am sure people will shower the same love on the lyrical video too, Jassie said. View this post on Instagram           Heres a small teaser of #KehGayiSorry Full song out on 12th May 2020 @jassie.gill A post shared by  Shehnaaz Gill (@shehnaazgill) on May 8, 2020 at 2:33am PDT Heres a small teaser of #KehGayiSorry Full song out on 12th May 2020 @jassie.gill A post shared by  Shehnaaz Gill (@shehnaazgill) on May 8, 2020 at 2:33am PDT Earlier this year, Jassie was seen in Ashwiny Iyer Tiwaris Panga, opposite Kangana Ranaut. The film also starred Neena Gupta and Richa Chadha in key roles. Also see: Taapsee Pannu says she forced sister Shagun to tie her a rakhi, says even I am protecting her. See pic Shehnaaz, meanwhile, was last seen in Mujhse Shaadi Karoge after finishing third in Bigg Boss 13. The swayamvar-themed reality show was pulled off air owing to the coronavirus pandemic and she could not find a connection. In a recent interview, Shehnaaz said that she should not have been a part of Mujhse Shaadi Karoge. I have become worldly-wise and mature after participating in Bigg Boss. Mujhe duniyadaari ki samajh aa gayi hai (I have understood the ways of the world). While Bigg Boss was my dream, my heart wasnt in Mujhse Shaadi Karoge. After a point, I was irritated about guys coming on the show to appease and impress me. I regret taking up that show, she said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 13, 2020 18:04 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/shahid-kapoor-says-wife-mira-rajput-can-t-deal-no-more-with-him-as-india-enters-lockdown-4-0-watch-video/story-MqS8OUJeqTqX82kXzm0JhN.html</url>
<title>Shahid Kapoor says wife Mira Rajput cant deal no more with him as India enters Lockdown 4.0. Watch video</title>
<body >The coronavirus-induced lockdown is putting marriages to the test, and Shahid Kapoor joked that wife Mira Rajput is already tired of him. He took to his Instagram account to share a funny video in which he does an old man voice and says, Its time for quarantine. So much fun! Entering quarantine phase 4 be like. . . @mira.kapoor cant deal no more with me, Shahid wrote in his caption. Mira commented with a rolling-eyes emoji and wrote, you actually posted this ridiculous video. His Jersey co-star Mrunal Thakur and several fans dropped laughing emojis on the post. View this post on Instagram           Entering quarantine phase 4 be like . . @mira.kapoor cant deal no more with me. A post shared by  Shahid Kapoor (@shahidkapoor) on May 13, 2020 at 12:04am PDT Entering quarantine phase 4 be like . . @mira.kapoor cant deal no more with me. A post shared by  Shahid Kapoor (@shahidkapoor) on May 13, 2020 at 12:04am PDT Currently, Shahid is quarantining with Mira and their kids, Misha and Zain. In a recent interactive session with fans on Twitter, the actor revealed that he is in charge of washing the utensils at home during the lockdown. Mera department bartan ka hai. Tumhara (My department is doing the dishes, whats yours)? he told a fan, who asked him if he was helping out with the household chores. Also see: Taapsee Pannu says she forced sister Shagun to tie her a rakhi, says even I am protecting her. See pic When asked for advice on staying positive during the lockdown, Shahid said, Make a schedule for structure. Have some goals. Do stuff you didnt have time for. Enjoy the family time. Thats the best part. He also opened up about his next release, Jersey, and said that he was very happy with how the film had shaped up so far. Just trying our best to make a good film. But I am very happy with whatever we have done so far. Really enjoying the journey and the team, he wrote. Jersey is a remake of Gowtam Tinnanuris Telugu hit of the same name, and will have Shahid playing a cricketer in his late 30s, who makes a comeback to the sport for the sake of his family. The film, which also stars Pankaj Kapur and Mrunal Thakur, is scheduled to release on August 28. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 13, 2020 14:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/punjab-and-haryana-hc-forms-panel-to-suggest-ways-to-resume-work/story-U1SDLjpdb0FzmbNz1kuKbO.html</url>
<title>Punjab and Haryana HC forms panel  to suggest ways to resume work</title>
<body >The Punjab and Haryana high court has constituted a seven-member judges panel to suggest working modalities and preventive measures to be taken in high court and trial courts of both the states in the wake of Covid-19 outbreak. The panel will be presided over by justice Rajiv Sharma, third senior-most judge in the high court after chief justice RS Jha. The high court is taking up urgent cases only since March through video-conferencing and this month only a dozen-odd benches have been set up. However, a section of lawyers are constantly pressing for resuming physical hearings. The committee will deliberate on how to resume normal functioning and regulate entry in courts. It will further delve into procedure for filing of cases, norms on social distancing, sanitisation and norms with regard to use of common facilities and air conditioning. The committee has been told to hold meeting with various stakeholders and submit report as soon as possible. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 01:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/leopard-that-fell-in-deep-well-rescued-in-amroha/story-Ixd8ZT4HIkoMhw4sVeRT2O.html</url>
<title>Leopard that fell in deep well rescued in Amroha</title>
<body >A leopard, which fell into a deep well in a village of Amroha district, has been rescued by forest department and Wildlife SOS rapid response unit, Agra. The leopard is under treatment and observation of veterinary doctors at Animal Hospital in Etawah Safari. On Monday morning, the Wildlife SOS team received an emergency call from the forest department about a leopard that had fallen into a deep well. An eight member team from the Wildlife SOS rushed to Amroha in two vehicles to assist the forest department. The forest officers and police personnel cordoned off the area to keep curious onlookers away at a safe distance. Dr S Ilayaraja, deputy director of Wildlife SOS, veterinary division and Dr Pritam, senior veterinarian from the Wildlife SOS, Agra Rescue Center, tranquilised and immobilised the leopard. They then climbed down into the well and safely extricate the leopard out of the well. The leopard was given a medical examination by the veterinary team and then transported to the forest range office in a transport cage. Once the animal recovered from the sedative, it was then shifted to the Animal Hospital in the Etawah Safari for treatment and observation. </body>
<date >Updated: May 28, 2020 01:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/thermal-scanning-for-passengers-ppe-kits-for-airline-staff-as-domestic-air-services-resume/story-jwKpX1YlLix4RazswCWSsI.html</url>
<title>Thermal scanning for passengers, PPE kits for airline staff as domestic air services resume</title>
<body >Domestic air travel resumed in the country on Monday, after a gap of two months and the first flyers experienced the revised protocol of entering the airport at Delhi. Those who took first flights included paramilitary personnel, army men, students and migrants, who failed to book a ticket on special trains being run by the railways, reported news agencyPTI. Aamir Afzal, a mechanical engineer from Patna, who had come to Delhi on an official visit on March 23, was among those who took the flights to celebrate Eid with family and friends. I had been staying in a hotel in Mahipalpur with my co-worker. The hotel charged us Rs 900 per day. We could not get a confirmed ticket on a train back home, he told PTI. Many said they shelled out more to reach the airport as there were limited public transport options available. The air travel was stopped and all flights grounded since March 25 due to the coronavirus pandemic. The flights to Mumbai and Patna were among the first to take off on Monday morning. Both the flights are operated by private carrier IndiGo. The airline staff members, who reached the Delhi airport early on Monday, said they are worried but work comes first. We are a little worried but work comes first. We will get PPE kits from the airline, said Amandeep Kaur, a flight attendant. Passengers were screened using a thermometre gun at Delhi airport before boarding Vistara flight to Bhubaneswar (Odisha). The food  beverage (FB) and retail outlets, which were closed for the past 63 days, opened at Terminal 3 of Delhis Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport. The flight services resumed after a day of long and hard negotiations between the Centre and the states on Sunday. All states finally agreed to accept at least some flights but announced varied quarantine and self-isolation rules for arriving passengers to address misgivings about infections being brought in from other cities. Instead of following the national guidelines issued by the Union government for all departing and disembarking passengers, many of the states chose to set their own rules: Karnataka, for instance, requires mandatory institutional quarantine for passengers from worst-affected states, while Punjab and Meghalaya have made a swab test mandatory for arrivals. Some other states, such as Mizoram and Himachal Pradesh, said that only state residents will be allowed to enter the city from the airports. Three states - Maharashtra, West bengal and Tamil Nadu - urged the Centre to reconsider the decision to allow domestic flight operations to resume as it could lead to a spike in infections. On Sunday, the ministry held several discussions with these states and airline representatives. On Sunday evening, the ministry announced that some 50 flights will operate from Mumbai. Flights to and from West Bengal will resume on May 28. After initially seeking time till May 31, Tamil Nadu came on board with the Union governments plan early on Sunday. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 07:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/domestic-flight-services-resume-all-you-need-to-know/story-Fv3khKSFmsObHcLEZLUF3I.html</url>
<title>Domestic flight services resume: All you need to know</title>
<body >Indian skies opened up for domestic passenger services on Monday after a gap of two months. Hundreds of people reached the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi to take early morning flights to their hometowns and workplaces. All scheduled commercial passenger flights were suspended on March 25 when the government imposed a nationwide lockdown to curb the coronavirus pandemic. As the passengers reached airports in various cities, they had to undergo thermal scanning and saw some new norms in place before boarding a flight. Heres how flying has changed in these two months:  All passengers to undergo thermal screening; only asymptomatic people can board the flights.  Passengers have been advised to download the Aarogya Setu mobile application.  It is mandatory to wear a face mask throughout the travel.  People with symptoms to be taken to health facility. Decision on home or institutional quarantine will depend on severity of symptoms and test results.  All passengers have been advised to monitor their health for 14 days after travel, inform authorities if they develop symptoms. Apart from this, the state governments have been allowed to set their own rules for flyers. Discussions were held between the Centre and the state governments after which the number of flights which will go to or take off from various states was also decided. So, heres a look at the rules set by states and how many flights are allowed from where: Mumbai 50 flights per day have been allowed from one of the worst-affected cities due to the coronavirus. The passengers coming to Mumbai will get home quarantine stamps even if they dont have symptoms; those on short visit are exempt. Hyderabad 30 flights a day have been allowed in Hyderabad. Passengers with Covid-19 symptoms have been asked to self-isolate. Those who dont show any symptoms, can go through. Kolkata The West Bengal government held discussion with the Centre on Sunday, and it was decided that the flight services will resume from Kolkata from May 28. Apart from this, among the protocols decided by the state government include testin of all symptomatic people for Covid-19. The passengers have also been asked to submit self-declaration forms on arrival when flight services resume. Chennai The Tamil Nadu government has come on board with the central governments plan to resume domescit flight services. The passengers have been asked to declare if they had Covid-19 in last two months. A 14-day quarantine is mandatory fo all the travellers. Bengaluru Passengers from Maharashtra, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Delhi, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh have been asked to undergo seven-day institutional quarantine followed by seven days of home quarantine. Those coming from other states will have to self-isolate at home for 14 days. Delhi The Delhi government has said that it will adhere to guidelines set by the Union health ministry. This means that passengers who dont show symptoms of the coronavirus disease will be permitted to go through after reaching their destination with the advice that they monitor their health for the next 14 days. The resumption of flight has not come without change in airport protocols. Heres a look at revised standard operating procedure at Delhi airport: Outside the terminal  Outside the terminal, passengers can check-in through kiosk  After web check-in, the passenger heads towards the airline-allowed entry gate. A guard will check the flyers temperature and status on Aarogya Setu app. If they dont have the app, the flyers will have to fill out a self-declaration form. Entering the airport  A security person behind a glass curtain will check the boarding passes and identity cards.  The passenger then heads to the terminal and goes through a thermal scanner.  Carpets are soaked in sanitising chemicals to ensure shoes are disinfected.  Hand sanitisers will be placed at gates for use by flyers. Baggage scanning  Before entering the terminal, passengers will put their luggage in a sanitising machine where the bags will be treated with ultraviolet radiation to sanitise them. Check-in  The passenger heads to check-in counters where they can opt for self baggage check-in.  Baggage tags will no longer be issued, and passengers will get an SMS to confirm luggage check-in. Security check  The passengers moves to the security hold area with the one allowed hand-bag. Here, contactless screening will be conducted using metal detectors and security personnel will scan the boarding pass before allowing passenger to the boarding area. At waiting area  Shops in non-aero areas will adhere to stringent safety, health and hygiene rules. All FB retail shops will be open and orders can be placed on apps or kiosks.  Passengers will sit at alternate seats, with more seating space added.  Drinking-water fountains will be foot-pedal operated and washrooms will be deep-cleaned regularly.  On buses for boarding, only alternate seats to be used. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 08:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-now-among-10-worst-countries-in-covid-19-cases/story-887sPJfXLEzVIUPZd6VKcK.html</url>
<title>India now among 10 worst countries in Covid-19 cases</title>
<body >With the highest one-day national surge of 6,634new coronavirus disease (Covid-19) cases, India on Sunday overtook Iran to become the 10th biggest hot spot of the pathogen, which has rapidly swept the globe, claiming new epicentres across continents and leaving health care systems overwhelmed in its wake. The number of Covid-19 cases in the country stood at 138,474 on Sunday, nearly doubling over the course of 13days, even as graded relaxations in the fourth phase of the national lockdown were likely to push up the contagion over the coming days. Also read| Covid-19: What you need to know today New Covid-19 cases dropped to zero for the first timeon Saturday in China, the country where the pandemic originated, but surged in India and ravaged South America. Experts say that in countries with weak health care systems and impoverished populations, fighting the virus has proven to be difficult. Latin America has become the latest epicentre of the highly contagious disease. Brazil and Mexico reported record numbers of infections and deaths almost daily this week, fuelling criticism of their governments for limited lockdowns. But infections also rose and intensive-care units were swamped in Peru, Chile and Ecuador, all countries praised for imposing early and aggressive shutdowns. Indias trajectory of Covid-19 cases appears to be tracking that of Brazil, according to analysis of latest data. Indias case count on Sunday was where Brazils infections stood about 15 days ago. Also read: Centre identifies 4 model cities for Covid-19 handling The latest 10,000 infections were recorded in twodays. India recorded its first 10,000 Covid-19 cases in nearly 43 days, with a wave of infections beginning in March after three isolated cases were first reported in Kerala in January. It took seven days for the cases to climb from 20,000 to 30,000. The diseases doubling rate, which is defined as the average period it takes for a twofold rise, decreased from 13.9days on May 18 the day the cases hit 100,000  to 13.1on Sunday. The doubling rate  which is calculated over a period of last seven days  was four days at the beginning of April. Several experts say the peak of the outbreak in India is yet to come. Across the world, many governments are easing restrictions as they face political challenges and poor economic indicators brought on by the pandemic. In just a few months, the pandemic has killed at least 345,000 people worldwide and infected more than 5.4million. Also read| Covid-19 lockdown: Some states look beyond colour-coding Turkey, which stands at the ninth spot in the global tally just above India, imposed its toughest lockdown measures yet starting Saturday for the Eid holiday. In Germany, which has drawn praise for its handling of the outbreak, seven people appeared to have been infected at a restaurant. It would be the first known such case since restaurants started reopening two weeks ago. France, which has the seventh highest number of infections, has allowed religious services to resume after a legal challenge to the governments ban on gatherings in places of worship. The US has been the hardest-hit country, with about 100,000 Covid-19 deaths so far among 1.6million confirmed cases, followed by Russia and Brazil. Concerns, however, are rising in India, where new cases showed another record jump on Sunday, going past 6,000 for the third straight day as the two-month lockdown eased. States with relatively few cases have seen spikes in recent days as residents, including migrant workers travelling in special trains, have returned home. On average, India has reported 6,102 cases over the last five days. The corresponding number for the previous five days was 4,753. The data, which is based on official figures from states, shows that about a thirdof the total cases have been reported over the past week. On Sunday, the number of infections in Delhi rose to 13,418 after 508 new cases were reported. Maharashtra, the worst-affected state in the country, surpassed 50,000 cases. It reported 3,041new infections during the day and its overall tally was 50,231. Of these, 30,542cases  more than a fourth of the national tally  have been reported in Mumbai alone. The surge of cases also continued in Tamil Nadu as the state recorded 765cases. The state has so far reported 16,277 cases. As India relaxes curbs that were put in place on March 25, experts say the coming weeks will be crucial. Dr SK Sarin, director of the Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences and who also heads the five-member committee formed to assist the Delhi chief minister to tackle the pandemic, told HT recently that the lockdown has only delayed the peak, which is likely to come maybe in July or mid-August. (With inputs from agencies) </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 06:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-now-has-infrastructure-to-treat-10-lakh-covid-19-patients-report/story-IWPjAlQL4xrZx215Qw6GLJ.html</url>
<title>India now has infrastructure to treat 10 lakh Covid-19 patients: Report</title>
<body >The central government has prepared the infrastructure (dedicated hospitals) to treat 10 lakh coronavirus disease patients in the country, Hindustan Times Hindi language publication Hindustan reported. The milestone has been achieved in the two months of lockdown with the help of state governments. These dedicated hospitals have wherewithal to treat about three lakh serious cases of Covid-19, Hindustan reported. Niti Aayog member Dr VK Pal said that two months ago, when the pandemic broke out in the country, the country did not have a separate, dedicated hospital for the disease. Today, 1,093 such hospitals exist in the country, Dr Pal told Hindustan. These hospitals have 1,85,306 beds out of this, 31,250 are for intensive care. The dedicated hospitals also have ventilators for acute cases. Similarly, there are 2,402 Covid-19 healthcare centres. Patients who are not in a serious condition, and do not require oxygen support are treated here. The country also has 7,013 Covid-19 care centres which have around 6.5 lakh beds. These facilities are used to treat patients with mild symptoms, or to keep them in isolation to prevent the spread of the disease. Together, these three categories of healthcare facilities account for 9.74 lakh beds. And if Covid-19 facilities provided by the armed forces if added to it, the number reaches 10 lakh, Hindustan reported. According to the Union health ministry, patients who need oxygen support, ventilator of treatment in ICU are less than five per cent. Out of the treat 95 per cent, only those patients who have co-morbidity need to be admitted to a hospital. Around 80 per cent of the patients need to be in isolation. The ministry further said that the percentage of recovered patients will increase in the coming days. Today, 41 per cent patients have recovered and 59 per cent are active patients. Though the government has relaxed lockdown in the fourth phase to revive the economy, the fear of the disease is still there. But the government has made it clear that lockdown cant continue forever. The government has said that Covid-19 is here to stay, and that we have to learn wo live with it. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 07:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-calls-katrina-kaif-kaantaben-2-0-as-she-washes-dishes-invites-her-home/story-uqJVJdQPrUs03MwPLyw91I.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor calls Katrina Kaif Kaantaben 2.0 as she washes dishes, invites her home</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Arjun Kapoor has labelled Katrina Kaif Kaantaben 2.0 after she shared a video where she could be seen washing dishes at home during self-isolation. Katrina had claimed to share professional tutorial on how to wash dishes and Arjun was quick to respond. Kaantaben 2.0. You are invited to my house, Arjun commented on the video post. Katrina has been in self-isolation during the coronavirus outbreak and recently shared a glimpse of how she is managing household chores amid coronavirus lockdown. Katrinas domestic helps are also under quarantine, and she is doing the household chores herself. Sharing the video of herself doing the dishes on her Instagram account, Katrina wrote, really makes u appreciate all the help we have at home #socialdistancing #staysafe #helpoutathome. In the clip, Katrina is heard saying, Since the house helps are also practicing self-isolation, Izzy (sister Isabelle Kaif) and I have decided to take turns to do the washing up. I thought I would do a little professional tutorial. She then goes on to demonstrate the right way to do the dishes. First, I was deciding...should I lather each bowl, rinse it and put it in the rack? Then I decided that there was a better way to do it. Put all the dishes inside the sink, then turn off the water so that you dont waste it, lather all of them and put them back here. Then, rinse them all, she said. Comedian Sunil Grover responded on the post, This style is Revolutionary ! View this post on Instagram            += really makes u appreciate all the help we have at home #socialdistancing #staysafe #helpoutathome A post shared by  Katrina Kaif (@katrinakaif) on Mar 23, 2020 at 7:37am PDT  += really makes u appreciate all the help we have at home #socialdistancing #staysafe #helpoutathome A post shared by  Katrina Kaif (@katrinakaif) on Mar 23, 2020 at 7:37am PDT She had also shared a screenshot of her video call with actors Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor, who had founded an I Hate Katrina Kaif club together. Reunited .... our newly reformed club with a very appropriate name #isolated r us, she captioned it. Last seen in Salman Khans Bharat, Katrina has also completed Sooryavanshi where she reunites with Akshay Kumar. The Rohit Shetty film was supposed to release by March end but has been postponed indefinitely due to coronavirus outbreak. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 24, 2020 12:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/world-championship-of-cricket-the-fish-chips-story-behind-sunil-gavaskar-s-india-captaincy/story-KfjikxqPYSMyPDS9L069RN.html</url>
<title>World Championship of Cricket: The Fish  Chips story behind Sunil Gavaskars India captaincy</title>
<body >Former India batsman Sunil Gavaskar spoke about the circumstances under which he was appointed captain of the Indian cricket team ahead of their historic Benson  Hedges World Championship of Cricket win. Speaking on the Sony Sports, Gavaskar said that he got to know about his appointment as Indias captain through his wife and that he decided upon the team while sitting in a car. The Benson  Hedges World Championship of Cricket remains one of the most storied wins in the history of Indian cricket. Sure, India had won the World Cup in 1983, but winning the World Championship of Cricket in Australia was what cemented them as a force to reckon with in ODIs. Under Gavaskar, India produced a dominant performance, winning all three league matches before beating New Zealand in the semifinal and later Pakistan in the final to cap off the tournament without tasting a single defeat. However, what makes the win ever sweeter is the fact that India had a pretty average record in the lead-up to the tournament, losing 1-2 to England in Tests and facing a string of losses in ODIs. Due to a good season overall, the selectors were to pick between Gavaskar and Ravi Shastri to lead India in Australia, but the manner in which it happened caught Gavaskar off-guard. Also read:Pakistan cricketers to remain in bio-secure environment for up to three months So this selection was in Chandigarh at that time and Ravi and I were sitting and waiting because we knew the selection committee was meeting to decide the captain of the team for the World Championship of Cricket, Gavaskar told Joy Bhattacharya. Ravi was also in the mix because hed had a top season. I was waiting in his room when my wife called, saying Fish and Chips had been served in our room. So when I went back, she told me that I had been appointed captain and that Ranbir Singh Mahendra, the secretary of the board was waiting for me in his car. Because the media was waiting in the front gate, I took another route. So I went in and sat in his car and that is where he and I selected the team of the World Championship. Legend has it that even before the team left for Australia, Gavaskar had an epiphany that India would win the tournament. It was something he had never done in his life, let alone at a time when India were struggling. Gavaskar does not remember the exact incident but agrees he definitely had a vision that India were going to win. When I sat in that meeting, what I really wanted was some fresh energy, fresh faces. Faces in the dressing room who were not traumatised by the season that wed had. So in came Laxman Sivaramakrishnan, Sadanand Viswanath, Chetan Sharma, Manoj Prabhakar. These were the young, fresh guys whom I wanted in the team, Gavaskar said. Gavaskar revealed he had to make a case for Sivaramakrishnan since inclusion of legspinners back then was slightly frowned upon. Also read:IPL possible with international stars after monsoon: BCCI CEO Rahul Johri I told them that look these are large Australian grounds and for someone to clear the boundaries will take some doing. Secondly, I said Australian pitches have a little more bounce. Legspinners generally have managed to get a lot of wickets because they can turn the ball on Australian surfaces and get that extra bounce which forces mistiming, Gavaskar said. Gavaskars assessment couldnt be more spot on as Siva claimed 10 wickets from five matches. Siva was a brilliant bowler. He was bowling magnificently. The selection committee agreed and thats what we say. The spinners were magical. Of course, there was Kapil getting wickets, but Siva and Ravi were getting us wickets in the middle overs. It was absolutely fantastic, he said. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 08:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/you-cannot-give-a-bad-ball-to-him-james-anderson-dale-steyn-recall-bowling-against-sachin-tendukar/story-TcSVpW8CziVKkNiN2JqHLI.html</url>
<title>You could not give a bad ball to him:James Anderson, Dale Steyn recall bowling against SachinTendulkar</title>
<body >SachinTendulkar is regarded as one of the legends of cricket. The India batsman etched his name in the record books, as he surpassed numerous feats in his career that were once considered impossible. He became the first player to register 100 international hundreds, a record which no one has been able to surpass yet. He also retired with most runs in both ODIs and Tests, and still holds the top position in both the formats.In his historic career, Tendulkar indulged in several on-field battles with some of the best bowlers in the world  - two of them being Englands James Anderson and South Africas Dale Steyn. Speaking on Star Sports Podcast, both Steyn and Anderson recalled what it was like to bowl against Tendulkar, and why he was a difficult opponent to deal with. Also read:Rohits captaincy is very similar to Dhoni: Suresh Raina I dont remember having a specific game plan against Sachin Tendulkar,Anderson said. Once he came on, I would just think that I cannot bowl a bad ball here, he was that kind of player. He was a key for India as well. If you get him out in India, the whole atmosphere, in the ground changes. He was such a big wicket. You just try on bowling your best ball, top of off-stump, the whole time and hope he miss a straight one. In England, he might knick the odd one, but generally, Id try and get him out LBW early. I had some success against him, but he had success against me as well. He got runs against us quite a lot, he added. Steyn agreed with Anderson, and said that it was difficult to get Tendulkar out LBW. When he came in, you had to up your focus and think on how you are going to hold that length and try and hit the top of off stump. Especially in India, if you could just get the ball to get back in, you could get him out LBW. But he was so good, he rarely got out that way, he said. Also read:Weve made no commitment on South Africa tour: BCCI treasurer Arun Dhumal He further talked about the impact Tendulkar had on the crowd in India. You never want to bowl a bad ball to him. If you bowl a bad ball to him and he hits you for four, especially in India, it feels like the world is closing in on you. He might just be on 4* but he might as well be batting on 500, he said. You dont want to bowl a bad ball and you would think to just bring the pace down a little bit, and bowl at the right place for as long as you possibly could. And then you just hope; because hes got it covered, he has every shot in the book. You just hope that one ball would do something off the seam or hes got an off day and it goes in your favour, Steyn said. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 21:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/lipu-lekh-the-past-present-and-future-of-the-nepal-india-stand-off-analysis/story-wy3OvSD0G0nkxtGQTOIp2I.html</url>
<title>Lipu Lekh:The past, present and future of the Nepal-India stand-off| Analysis</title>
<body >Two of the worlds closest neighbours, India and Nepal, are locked in a cartographic, diplomatic, and to an extent, a political stand-off. The dispute is over the ownership of nearly 330 sq km of land called Kalapani near Nepals western tri-junction with India and China. The dispute was triggered in November 2019 when India issued a new map to indicate the changed status of Jammu and Kashmir into a Union Territory. Nepal raised objections because the Kalapani area was shown as being in India. Indian maps have always shown it that way; therefore, there was no change in the map. This was followed by Nepals objections to the inauguration of a road from Darchula to Lipu Lekh Pass, aimed at strengthening Indias defence supply lines as well as facilitating smooth passage for pilgrims to Kailash Mansarovar in Tibet. Nepal said this road is an encroachment on its sovereignty. There have been street protests, parliament has agitated, and now the Nepal government has issued its map showing Kalapani as its territory. New Delhi has reiterated that the area belongs to India, and would be willing to resolve the dispute through diplomatic negotiations after the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) crisis is over. Nepals claims are rooted in the Sugauli Treaty signed with the British in March 1816. In this, Nepal renounced all claims to or connextions (as in original text) with the countries lying to the west of river Kali (Art.V). The land east of the Kali thus remained with Nepal. This claim is reinforced by some old revenue records and gazette notifications. India accepts this position, but its claim arises from the ambiguity in the treaty on the identification of the Kali river and its origin. According to India, the river originates from Lipu Lekh and then merges into other streams and tributaries to become the Mahakali. Nepals contention is that Kali originates from Limpiyadhura and the stream originating from Lipu Lekh is called Lipu Khola. Hence the dispute. The area between these two streams is Kalapani. The treaty underwent some revisions to accommodate Nepal in the Terai (southern part) and was finally endorsed by the British government on November 15, 1860. The maps issued by the British between 1816 and 1860 generally favour the Nepali position. But, the maps issued afterwards endorse Indias position. It is possible that the British administration changed this position through proper surveys or subsequently decided to manipulate this position, to serve its larger strategic and commercial interests in using the Lipu Lekh pass for access to Tibet. Independent India was handed over access to Kalapani and Lipu Lekh by the British. Blaming India for any encroachment is baseless. It must be borne in mind that much before the British came, or the Gurkha kings annexed Kumaon and Garhwal regions  then surrendered under the Sugauli Treaty  Indians were using this route for the pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar. The route has deep spiritual and civilisational significance for India. China accepted Lipu Lekh as one of the cultural and commercial transit points with India under its 1954 Peaceful Co-Existence Agreement. This was reiterated in 2015 in a joint statement during Prime Minister Narendra Modis visit to China. Nepal has endorsed Indias position for nearly 150 years. It used Indian maps showing Kalapani, Limpiyadhura and Lipu Lekh in India. Objections to this were raised in the 1980s, but were ignored by the royal regimes. Since 2000, the two surveyed the length of their boundary to resolve outstanding issues, except in two areas, including Kalapani. It is mutually agreed that these issues will be resolved through diplomatic negotiations. Why then has the Nepal government turned up the heat on the Kalapani issue? Prime Minister KP Oli faces serious internal opposition at the moment, including from within his ruling Nepal Communist Party. This is largely on account of his governance failures and lack of action on combating the pandemic. He has consolidated his nationalist image since 2015 by fighting Indias ill-advised diplomatic intervention on the constitution issue and the counterproductive economic coercion (partial economic blockade) that followed. He perhaps hopes that this face-off with India on Kalapani will give him a new lease of political life. The strategic community in India apprehends that Nepal is also being prompted by China to get India out of Kalapani. Indian Army chief General MMNavranes indirect reference in an Institute of Defence Studies and Analyses lecture may be recalled here. This apparently conflicts with Chinas endorsement of the Indian position in 1954 and 2015. However, China is seldom straight in diplomacy. It is unhappy with Indias growing strategic proximity to the United States. It has also objected to Indias defence infrastructure upgradation projects all along the border. The Darchula-Lipu Lekh road is one such project. Needling India and alienating Kathmandu from New Delhi serves Chinas broader purpose. This explains why is it is playing an active role in preserving the unity of the Nepal Communist Party and protecting the Oli regime. Prolonging this stand-off is not in the interest of either Nepal or India. It will be exploited by the third parties to their advantage. India and Nepal, keeping in mind their mutual stakes and concerns, should through resilient and mutually accommodative diplomacy, resolve this.  </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 19:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-hopes-nepal-s-leadership-will-create-positive-atmosphere-for-dialogue-on-border-issues/story-y3H0ygrBWfvfYZLfrtiCgM.html</url>
<title>India hopes Nepals leadership will create positive atmosphere for dialogue</title>
<body >India on Thursday called on Nepals leadership to create a positive atmosphere for diplomatic dialogue to address boundary issues, a day after the two sides sparred on a revised political map that depicted Lipulekh and Kalapani as part of Nepalese territory. The external affairs ministry delivered a sharply worded response on Wednesday after Nepals land management minister Padma Kumari Aryal unveiled the new map that showed Lipulekh, Kalapani and Limpiyadhura as part of Byas rural municipality in Sudurpaschim province. Asked about the matter during an online news briefing on Thursday, external affairs ministry spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said: All matters related to outstanding boundary issues will be dealt with between India and Nepal, and we hope the Nepalese leadership will create a positive atmosphere for diplomatic dialogue to resolve the outstanding boundary issues. Indias position on Nepals revised map is consistent, he said. He reiterated Indias contention that the revision of the map was a unilateral act and not based on historical facts and evidences. He also reiterated that such artificial enlargement of territorial claims will not be accepted by us. Kathmandus move came little more than six months after New Delhi published new maps of the union territories of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh that showed Kalapani as part of Uttarakhand state. Nepals council of ministers had approved the new map during a meeting chaired by Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli on Monday. The diplomatic row began on May 8 after defence minister Rajnath Singh opened an 80-km road that ends at Lipulekh Pass on the border with China. The road was built so that pilgrims going to Kailash-Mansarovar in the Tibet Autonomous Region can avoid dangerous high-altitude routes through Sikkim and Nepal. Nepals foreign ministry summoned the Indian envoy last week to protest against the construction of the road. New Delhi had rejected Kathmandus protest, saying Lipulekh is completely within the territory of India. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 05:41 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/artificial-enlargement-of-territorial-claims-india-on-nepal-s-new-map/story-0r4CZo2h1UX4hnolDvbkxO.html</url>
<title>Artificial enlargement of territorial claims: India on Nepals new map</title>
<body >India on Wednesday said Nepals new political map, which depicts Lipulekh, Kalapani and Limpiyadhura as part of Nepalese territory, amounts to artificial enlargement of territorial claims that wont be accepted by New Delhi. The external affairs ministrys sharply worded response came hours after Nepals land management minister Padma Kumari Aryal unveiled the map at a function in Kathmandu attended by political leaders and officials. The three territories were shown as part of Byas rural municipality in Sudurpaschim province. Aryal said she hoped India will take Nepals decision to publish the new map in a positive way. But external affairs ministry spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said Nepals revised official map includes parts of Indian territory. He said in a statement: This unilateral act is not based on historical facts and evidence. It is contrary to the bilateral understanding to resolve the outstanding boundary issues through diplomatic dialogue. Such artificial enlargement of territorial claims will not be accepted by India. Nepal is aware of Indias consistent position on this issue and the government should refrain from such unjustified cartographic assertion and respect Indias sovereignty and territorial integrity, Srivastava said. India hopes the Nepalese leadership will create a positive atmosphere for diplomatic dialogue to resolve boundary issues, he added. Kathmandus move came little more than six months after New Delhi published new maps of the union territories of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh that showed Kalapani as part of Uttarakhand state. Nepals council of ministers had approved the new map during a meeting chaired by Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli on Monday. The map will come into use immediatelyThe areas of Gunji, Navi and Kuti, near Kalapani, which had been left out in earlier maps, are also included in the new map, Aryal was quoted as saying by The Kathmandu Post. Unnamed Nepalese officials were quoted by the Post as saying that the countrys total area has increased from 147,181 sq km to 147,516 sq km after the addition of disputed land that is currently occupied by India. The diplomatic row began on May 8 after defence minister Rajnath Singh opened an 80-km road that ends at Lipulekh Pass on the border with China. The road was built so that pilgrims going to Kailash-Mansarovar in the Tibet Autonomous Region can avoid dangerous high-altitude routes through Sikkim and Nepal. Nepals foreign ministry summoned the Indian envoy last week to protest against the construction of the road. New Delhi had rejected Kathmandus protest, saying Lipulekh is completely within the territory of India. While addressing Nepals Parliament on Tuesday, Oli said the decision to include the three territories in Nepals map was made after India inaugurated a road link through Nepali territory. He contended that people coming from India through illegal channels were spreading the Coronavirus in Nepal. India and Nepal share a 1,800-km open border. Nepal claims all territories east of the Kali river, including Limpiyadhura, Kalapani and Lipulekh, under the Treaty of Sugauli that it signed with the erstwhile British administration in 1816. </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 21:13 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/real-targets-of-nepal-pm-oli-s-new-political-map-are-in-kathmandu/story-mVL7k2tDorroQRwxjl2L3O.html</url>
<title>Real targets of Nepal PM Olis new political map are in Kathmandu</title>
<body >Nepal prime minister KP Sharma Olis push to fast-track release of a new political map on Wednesday is linked to his huge climbdown last month when he had to cancel an ordinance within five days, people familiar with the development said. There is a concerted effort by the Oli government in recent days to play the anti-India card to whip up ultra-nationalistic emotions to settle domestic scores, sources told Hindustan Times. By raising an ultra-nationalistic sentiment, Oli has left his comrades - former PMs, Pushpa Kamal Dahal Prachanda and Madhav Kumar Nepal - with no option but to side with him and make India the casualty in the cross-firing between the two groups, a second person, a Kathmandu watcher, said. Nepals new political map that claims the Lipulekh Pass, Limpiyadhura and Kalapani in Uttarakhands Pithoragarh as its own is only one part of this exercise. PM Olis statement in parliament on Tuesday that claimed the coronavirus infection coming from India is more lethal than those from China and Italy is another. The two former prime ministers, who have been accused of destabilising the KP Sharma Oli-led government, are seen to have played a lead role in the tug-of-war that played out in Nepals power politics. At a time when Nepal, like the rest of the world was battling Covid-19, the prime minister had surprised his country when he got twin ordinances notified. These two made it easier for parties to split and register a new faction and were widely perceived to be part of an exercise by PM Oli to strengthen himself in the party and the government. But he had to stand down on April 23 and scrap the ordinances within five days to buy peace with his prime detractors. Energy minister Barsaman Pun told the Kathmandu Post that the Cabinet scrapped the ordinance following what he described as excessive criticism. According to reports from Nepal, the Communist Party of Chinas international liaison department also stepped up efforts to broker peace between the comrades in Nepal. It was this shade of domestic power play at work when land management minister Padma Kumari Aryal on Wednesday held up a new map of Nepal. According to a report in the Kathmandu Post on her Press conference, she hoped India would take Nepals decision to publish the new map in a positive way. She didnt elaborate. The 80-km stretch of road that New Delhi built Uttarakhands Dharchula to Lipulekh to make it easier for pilgrims to reach Kailash Mansarovar in the Tibet Autonomous Region offered the perfect opportunity. Army chief Gen Manoj Mukund Naravane brushed aside the shrill voices from Kathmandu, underlining that there was no dispute over the land on which the road had been built. Gen Naravane went on to suggest that the protests could be at the behest of someone else  a veiled reference to China. Prime Minister Oli, who is seen to be heavily tilting towards China, has described Gen Naravanes comment as inappropriate. KALAPANI Kalapani is a 35 square kilometre area in Uttarakhands Pithoragarh district. Nepal claims this area as part of its Darchula district. The tri-junction point of Lipulekh, Kalapani and Limpiyadhura in Nepals northwest separates China and the Tibet Autonomous Region to the north and Indias Kumaon to the south. The Mahakali river has been considered as a natural demarcation line to separate the borders. Indian security officials say China has tacitly recognised Indias claim over the Kalapani area when it agreed to open a border trade post at Lipulekh in 2015. India reacts to Nepals map The external affairs ministry described the new political map as an artificial enlargement of territorial claims and asked Kathmandu to refrain from unjustified cartographic assertion. This unilateral act is not based on historical facts and evidence. It is contrary to the bilateral understanding to resolve the outstanding boundary issues through diplomatic dialogue, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 23:51 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/indian-army-chief-s-remarks-hurt-sentiments-of-nepali-gurkhas-says-minister/story-0lqL7aD1wcGniRxcM1siGK.html</url>
<title>Indian Army chiefs remarks hurt sentiments of Nepali Gurkhas, says minister</title>
<body >The Indian Army chiefs remarks about Nepal acting at the behest of others in raising a border dispute has hurt the sentiments of the Nepali Gurkha army personnel who lay down their lives to protect India, Nepals defence minister Ishwar Pokhrel has said. Days after Indian Army chief Gen Manoj Mukund Naravane made the comments, which were seen as a veiled reference to a possible Chinese role in the border row, Pokhrel dismissed the remarks as a political stunt. The Nepal government recently protested against the opening of a new road to Lipulekh by defence minister Rajnath Singh to facilitate people making the pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar in Tibet. India rejected the protest by saying the road was within Indian territory. Nepal then published a new map showing Lipulekh, Kalapani and Limpiyadura, which fall within India, as part of Nepalese territory. In an interview with Nepals news agency Rastriya Samachar Samiti, Pokhrel said the Indian Army chiefs remarks have come in an embarrassing manner at a time when Nepal has been trying resolve the border issue through diplomatic dialogue. No matter what background and circumstance is it based on, such statements are an effort to offend sovereign and independent Nepal and prideful Nepalis With this, the Indian CoAS [chief of army staff] has also hurt the sentiments of the Nepali Gurkha army personnel who lay down their lives to protect India. It must now become difficult for them to stand tall in front of the Gurkha forcesIn fact, the statement by the Indian CoAS seems to be a political stunt, Pokhrel said. He added, How professional is it for the head of the army to make a political statement? We dont have anything like that here. Nepali Army does not go vocal on such matter. Army is not there to speak. Nepali Army is a fully professional military force. It would definitely play its role in the right time, as per the directives of the government based on our Constitution. Pokhrel, who is also the deputy prime minister, described India as our friendly state and said the lost Nepali territory must be returned through peaceful political dialogue and through diplomatic channel, and I am confident that it is possible. There was no immediate response from the Indian side to Pokhrels remarks. Pokhrel also said this was the first time in history that the Nepal government had written an official letter to the Indian government saying Nepali land at the Nepal-India border region has been encroached and this should be stopped. He added, We have raised this topic on the basis of the historical facts, proof and treaties available to us. We have issued the new map of Nepal on the basis of this. He reiterated that Nepal had been seeking talks on the border issue since the Indian government issued its new political and administrative maps of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh on November 2 last year. Now, serious political and diplomatic initiatives have to be immediately pursued on the basis of the combined force based on common and unified stance of the political forces of the entire nation as well as of historical facts and evidences. Infrastructure development and comprehensive security plan needs to be implemented in that area, he said. Pokhrel said the Nepal government had published its new political map after it didnt receive any immediate positive response to the communication we sent to India for talks on the border issue. There are more than 30,000 Nepalese Gurkhas serving in the Gurkha Rifles regiments of the Indian Army. </body>
<date >Updated: May 25, 2020 22:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nawazuddin-siddiqui-s-wife-aaliya-claims-they-have-been-living-separately-for-past-4-5-years/story-9bzTpEXVG6cyFnJOmVNqXJ.html</url>
<title>Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya claims they have been living separately for past 4-5 years</title>
<body >Days after ugly details of her divorce battle and relationship gone sour came in the limelight, wife of actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Aaliya, has revealed that they have not been living together for the past 4-5 years and there had been problems between them ever since they got hitched.  Aaliya served Nawazuddin divorce papers after 11 years of marriage. Aaliya told news channel ABP in an interview,  I sent divorce notice to Nawaz 15 days back, but people dont know that we have been living apart since the last 4-5 years. After separation, Nawazuddin mostly used to stay at his office in Yari Road near our house. However, he continued to visit our home and people believed that we live together and are happy with each other. Also read:Gulabo Sitabo trailer: Ayushmann Khurrana, Amitabh Bachchan settle land dispute with charm We were facing problems in our married life since the time we got hitched. Neither Nawazuddin nor his brothers know how to respect women. He used to only point out my mistakes whenever we talked. He even insulted me several times in front of others. He said, When you dont know how to speak, then you should remain quiet. He never gave me the respect which a wife deserves in a relationship. I lost all my self-respect during our relationship, she added. Responding to rumours of being linked with a man outside of marriage, Aaliya had tweeted earlier this week, To begin with let me clarify that I am not into ANY RELATIONSHIP with any MAN; and any media report which make such claims, are absolutely false. It appears that some section of the media have manipulated with my photograph to make such ridiculous claims to divert attention. Aaliya also accused the actors brother Shamas of violence in a recent interview. He (Nawaz) had never raised his hands on me, but the shouting and arguments had become unbearable. You could say though that only that was left. Yes, but his family has mentally and physically tortured me a lot. His brother had even hit me. His mother and brothers and sisters-in-law used to stay with us only in Mumbai. So, Ive been bearing a lot for too many years. His first wife had also left him for this reason alone, she had said. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 18:22 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/take-stress-out-of-virat-kohli-s-life-former-india-pacer-bats-for-rohit-sharma-as-captain-in-t20is/story-63ZKE6TK3W4Bbk1y9S13xN.html</url>
<title>Take stress out of Virat Kohlis life:Former India pacer bats for Rohit Sharma as captain inT20Is</title>
<body >Former India fast bowler Atul Wassan believes India should consider having split captaincy as leading the team across all three formats could be a load on one single player. Virat Kohli currently leads India in Tests, ODIs and inT20Is as well. He also leads RoyalChallengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League. Whenever Kohli has opted to take rest frominternational tours, Rohit Sharma has been named the captain in his place, and he has achieved good results leading the side. Rohit has also led Indian Premier League side Mumbai Indians to four titles - the maximum trophies won by any team so far in the tournament. Wassan believes that India could opt to name Rohit as the captain in the T20Is. Also read:Feel other guys will send me videos of catching up: Rohit Sharma on Team Indias return to training In an interview to Sportskeeda, Wassan was asked:Should India have a split captaincy? In response, the former India cricketer said: Yes, I think India should think about split captaincy because it is too much load. Virat loves it, I think he wants to captain all three formats. But Rohit Sharma has shown us that hes an instinctive leader. His record is good, he leads from the front. With Mumbai Indians, he did the same, he added. Wassan further said that Kohli is the boss in the Test cricket, and should also lead India in the ODIs till the next World Cup. In Test cricket, Virat is the boss. In one day-cricket, Virat should be the captain, but in T20Is, take the stress out of Virats life, and let someone else lead the side like Rohit Sharma, he said. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 09:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/his-body-can-bend-when-he-moves-suresh-raina-names-india-s-best-fielder/story-s8j0E6lP7bE9MKvZBbNvtL.html</url>
<title>His body can bend when he moves: Suresh Raina names Indias best fielder</title>
<body >India cricketer Suresh Raina has always been regarded as one of the better fielders of any team he has been a part of - be it India, Gujarat Lions or Chennai Super Kings. Rainas quick ability to run to the ball, grab it and aim it at the stumps, make him a dangerous opponent on the ground for batsmen looking for quick runs. But recently, in an interview, Raina picked his favourite fielder in the Indian cricket team. Speaking in an interview on SportScreen, Raina named Ajinkya Rahane when he was asked to name the best Indian fielder in the current Indian team. Also read:Feel other guys will send me videos of catching up: Rohit Sharma on Team Indias return to training Ajinkya Rahane has better catching skills. I always love his positions while fielding. He has a different kind of power. His body can bend when he moves, that is very different from the rest, he said. He is a very good slip fielder, he judges the batsmans movement from behind and anticipates, which is very important as the distance is not much between the slip fielder and batsman. He also practices like that so it makes it easier during matches, he further added. Also read:Fit-again Rohit Sharma to clear fitness test Middle-order batsmen often talk about getting comfortable at a position, but Raina said that he never questioned his batting position or why he was shuffled in the order with Dhoni. No, I never questioned him about it. I remember during the 2015 World Cup he sent me higher up the order to bat and I got 70-80 odd in that game. Later that evening I asked him, how and why did you think of sending me that high up and he said because they had two leg-spinners bowling and he knew that I would play them better. Even now I think about those occasions. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 10:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/week-after-cyclone-amphan-kolkata-hit-by-squall-at-96-kmph/story-phba3qOjc5TWmvti0UOCRP.html</url>
<title>Week after Cyclone Amphan, Kolkata hit by squall at 96 kmph</title>
<body >Before Kolkata could come out of the shock of Cyclone Amphan, a squall hit the city on Wednesday evening with wind speed up to 96 km per hour. Exactly a week ago, Cyclone Amphan, had battered the city with wind speed of 130 km per hour. The city is still limping back to normal with power supply yet to be restored in some pockets. On Wednesday, a fire brigade official was electrocuted to death when he accidentally touched a live wire while carrying out restoration work in Howrah. We have lost a fire brigade officer. The power supply corporation had given misleading information saying that supply had been cut off. The officer, SS Roy, was electrocuted to death. It is a criminal offence. I have asked the police to investigate into it and take action against the person responsible, Mamata Banerjee, West Bengal chief minister said. The state government has already announced a compensation of Rs 10 lakh for his family and has also promised a government job for one family member. The squall hit Kolkata around 6:20 pm triggering rain. The India Meteorological Departments regional weather forecasting centre in Kolkata has predicted that there could be rain even on Friday. Strong winds have been blowing over the city and districts of south Bengal over the past few days. Some pockets where power connection could be restored for some days after the cyclone passed again plunged into darkness on Wednesday after the storm as power lines were snapped, said an official of the state power department. On May 20, Cyclone Amphan had hit the Bengal coast with wind speed going up to 185 km per hour. Large parts of south Bengal in eight districts plunged into darkness as more than 1.5 lakh km of power lines, including 30,000 km of high tension wire, were snapped. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 23:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/migrants-being-sent-in-trains-at-random-to-politically-disturb-me-mamata/story-dHpUyGdHc3gQCRyxH1fAyL.html</url>
<title>Migrants sent in trains at random to politically disturb me: CM Mamata</title>
<body >The Centre is sending millions of migrant workers back to Bengal in trains at random to politically disturb her as Covid-19 cases are spiking in villages that were earlier unaffected, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee alleged on Wednesday. Banerjee sought the intervention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. I would like to ask the Prime Minister to please help us, Banerjee said. Claiming that no state has the infrastructure to screen the passengers of so many trains arriving every day, she said, While talking over phone I told Union home minister Amit Shah, a few days ago, to take charge of the coronavirus crisis in Bengal. I am thankful that he said how can a government elected by people be dismantled, Banerjee said. Banerjee made the remarks while addressing bureaucrats at an administrative meeting at the state secretariat. She also addressed the media from the meeting. The Union railway ministry should have discussed with the state and followed the schedule we had sent. They are sending the trains at random. Eleven trains are arriving tonight and 17 more will arrive tomorrow. How can we screen so many people? said Banerjee and referred to the post-Amphan crisis her government is facing. Earlier there were no Covid-19 cases in the villages. Do not do politics, said Banerjee, addressing the Centre. In a new move, the chief minister announced that quarantine at government facilities for 14 days will be mandatory for migrant workers returning from five states. These are Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Delhi, Gujarat and Tamil Nadu. Around 25 per cent of these returnees are turning out to be Covid-19 positive. This is bad news for the state, Banerjee said. These people will be kept in empty school buildings she added and formed special task forces in every community block area. Incidentally, two days ago, the chief minister said those returning to Bengal could stay in home quarantine for two weeks as long as they followed the regulations and their movements were monitored by the health department. Reacting to Banerjees statement, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national secretary Rahul Sinha said, Banerjee is trying to divert attention because right from the beginning she did not want to take responsibility of the migrant workers. The chief minister is a failure in every area, be it the Covid-19 crisis or Cyclone Amphan. Now she is begging the Centre to make her look like a martyr because she knows that people in her party are in touch with Amit Shah, CPI(M) legislator Sujan Chakraborty said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 20:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/bjp-launches-2021-assembly-poll-campaign-in-bengal-calls-it-aar-noi-mamata/story-3O0nUA0PEzik6JLOh6MmeJ.html</url>
<title>BJP launches 2021 assembly poll campaign in Bengal, calls it Aar Noi Mamata</title>
<body >Coinciding with the Mamata Banerjee government in Bengal completing nine years in power, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the principal opposition party in the state, launched a campaign on Wednesday, called Aar Noi Mamata, urging people to topple the Trinamool Congress (TMC) government in the state in the 2021 Assembly elections. The high-voltage campaign, which literally means no more Mamata was launched at a time when large parts of south Bengal is yet to return to normalcy following the devastation caused by Cyclone Amphan. The Mamata Banerjee government is facing a three-fold challenge  combating the outbreak of Covid-19, dealing with the huge influx of migrant workers returning to the state and restoring normal life and infrastructure in the cyclone-hit areas. The party on Wednesday released a 57-second video clip calling for the removal of the TMC regime and launched a Twitter hashtag named #AarNoiMamata. BJPs national general secretary and Bengal in-charge Kailash Vijayvargiya posted on Twitter on Wednesday, using the hashtag #AarNoiMamata, that the Mamata Banerjee government was not worthy of any congratulations for completing nine years in power. Nine years of old wine in new bottle, nine years of communist continuity sold as change, nine years of oppressive rule after promising liberation, nine years of breaking peoples trust and mandate. This is the Mamata government for you. Bengal cries for change, Vijayvargiya tweeted. The partys national executive member Mukul Roy tweeted, Mamata has failed her own people of West Bengal. Not to forget she is also the home minister and the health minister. Six days over and metro city Kolkata is on the streets protesting for basics. Union minister Debasree Chowdhury too accused the government of failing on all fronts, and the partys state womens wing chief and Hooghly MP Locket Chatterjee wrote, 9 years of Mamata misrule added to 34 years of CPM misrule. Come 2021, we need BJPs govt in West Bengal to fulfill the aspirations of common people. BJP state units IT cell in-charge Ujjwal Pareek wrote on Twitter, Mamata report card: Cyclone Amphan  fail, Covid-19  fail, migrant labourers  fail, ration for poor  fail, womens security  fail, infiltration  fail the list is long  #AarNoiMamata. BJP is likely to release a charge-sheet against the Mamata Banerjee administration on Wednesday evening. Trinamool Congress said the BJP was stooping too low. This is unbelievable how they are indulging in political campaigns at the hour of the states great crisis. Its time to rebuild the state. Bengal has never faced such a natural calamity. Everyone should fight such disasters by being united. There is a lot of time left to launch political campaigns, said TMC secretary-general and state education minister Partha Chatterjee. Congress Lok Sabha leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, who is an MP from Berhampore in Bengal, and the Communist Party of India (Marxist) have also accused the Mamata Banerjee government of lacking in preparedness to tackle Covid-19 and Cyclone Amphan. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 17:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/clinical-trials-bring-hope-concerns/story-c6I409EWnwAXzBKGsfPPRK.html</url>
<title>Human trial in Chinese vaccine shows promise</title>
<body >A vaccine for  the coronavirus disease (Covid-19),  developed by researchers at Chinas CanSino Biologics was found to be safe and effective in its first test on humans, becoming the latest trial that raises hope for an early candidate that could help make people immune to the viral pandemic. The result of CanSinos Phase 1 trial, reported in The Lancet on Friday, is the first to be published in a peer-reviewed journal. The other experimental vaccines that have shown to work  Modernas and Oxford Universitys -- are yet to be peer reviewed and complete data regarding their trials are unavailable. The Chinese researchers reported that their experimental vaccine produced neutralising antibodies  the type of immune cells that kill infected cells -- and the rapid immune responses crucial for the body to mount its varied counter-attack. The trials were carried out with 108 healthy participants from Wuhan, the epicentre of the Covid-19 outbreak, who were never infected by the Sars-Cov-2, the virus which causes Covid-19. We found that the Ad5 vectored Covid-19 vaccine is tolerable and immunogenic in healthy adults... (it triggered) responses against Sars-CoV-2 (that) peaked at day 28 post-vaccination, and rapid, specific T-cell responses were noted from day 14 after one shot of the vaccine, the researchers said in the paper. One of the authors described the results as an important milestone. The trial demonstrates the vaccine produces virus-specific antibodies and T cells in 14 days, making it a potential candidate for further investigation, said professor Wei Chen from the Beijing Institute of Biotechnology in Beijing in a statement, news agency AFP reported. However ... the ability to trigger these immune responses does not necessarily indicate that the vaccine will protect humans from Covid-19, the researcher said, adding that there was still a long way to go before the vaccine is available to all. The results are based on antibody and immune cell concentrations seen within 28 days of the vaccine being given to the participants in a low, medium or a high dose. The ones given the high dose had the strongest immune response but also suffered from the most side-effects, such as high fever, fatigue and headache. There are more than 100 vaccines in development worldwide, with at least eight having started or set to start clinical trials in humans where they are judged for how safe and effective they are. These trials will also determine which platform  the way a vaccine will train the body  works best. CanSinos candidate uses an inactivated adenovirus  one of the viruses that cause the common cold -- to deliver DNA into human cells, prompting them to produce a key protein found on the surface of SARS-CoV-2. This is meant to train the immune system into recognising the virus. Modernas vaccine works by a code, called a messenger RNA, to prompt the body into making the same protein, the S spike protein that the Sars-Cov-2 virus uses to infect a person. Researchers say both technologies are quickly scalable for mass development but arent as proven as traditional vaccines. Clinical trials usually involve three or more phases, in which the tests are first carried out on healthy people, before being widened and randomised to rule out any externalities that could influence the findings. In the case of the CanSino candidate, the trial has now entered the second phase. Inclusion of the people above the age of 60 and how they react to the vaccine will be crucial, the researchers noted. In this trial, no participants were older than 60 years and only 16% were older than 50 years, providing limited information on the capability of generating a potent response in the older population. Since age has also been identified as an independent risk factor there is a possibility that an even lower immune response might be found in the older population, the authors warned. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 01:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/farm-sector-a-beacon-of-hope-in-economic-gloom/story-YEsFZcYnq76VGI41ic5zzM.html</url>
<title>Farm sector, poised to grow by 3%, remains beacon of hope amid pandemic</title>
<body >Fresh indicators show the countrys farm sector, which employs nearly half the population, has coped well with the Covid-19 crisis, with a larger summer crop area than last year, higher sales of fertilisers and seeds, and better prices, leading Reserve Bank Governor Shaktikanta Das to call it a beacon of hope. The farm sector is poised to grow at least 3% in 2020-21, despite disruption in the economy due to the coronavirus pandemic, which will aid overall growth, according to state-run think-tank Niti Aayogs assessment in April. There are other indicators too, ranging from sowing to input sales, which show the agriculture economy is heading into the summer-sown or kharif operations in decent shape. Farmers have planted rice in about 3.48 million hectares (1 hectare equals 2.4 acre) compared to 2.52 million hectares during the corresponding period of last year, an increase of nearly 37%, official data as on May 21 show. The area under pulses -- a major summer crop with up to 70% share in farm incomes in some state  stands at nearly 1.28 million hectares against 0.96 million hectares during the same period of last year, which is higher by one-third (33%). Coarse cereals or millets occupied 1.028 million hectares compared to 0.73 million hectares during the corresponding period of last year, or 42% higher. The area under oilseeds has reached about 0.92 million hectares compared to 0.73 million hectares during this time last year. The main reason for robust sowing is that rainfall activity has been fairly decent, indicating a good monsoon in the coming months, said Abhishek Agrawal, a commodity analyst with Comtrade Ltd. Reserve Bank Governor Shaktikanta Das, while cutting the lending policy rate by 40 basis points (0.4 percentage points) to prop up growth, Friday said developments in the countrys farm sector would have a salutary effect on the rural economy. Amidst this encircling gloom, agriculture and allied activities have provided a beacon of hope on the back of an increase of 3.7% in foodgrains production to a new record (as per the third advance estimates of the Ministry of Agriculture released on May 15, 2020), Das said. By May 10, 2020, up to which latest information is available, kharif (monsoon or summer crop) sowing was higher by 44% over last years acreage. Rabi (winter crop) procurement is in full flow in respect of oilseeds, pulses and wheat, benefiting from the bumper harvest. These developments will support farm incomes, improve the terms of trade facing the farm sector and strengthen food security for the country. Going forward, these would also have a salutary effect on food price pressures, he added in the course of a digital video statement on Friday. Fertiliser sales, an indicator of demand of  farm-inputs  from farmers, have been higher by 5% during the first four months of 2020, according to official data. Farm inputs refer to all raw materials a farmer needs for cultivation. Sound farm growth could cushion the overall sharp decline in growth expected this year. RBI on Friday indicated that India could see its economy shrink  for the first time in 40 years. The International Monetary Fund earlier this month slashed its 2010-21 growth projection for India to 1.9% from 5.8% estimated in January. Barclays said it saw 0% growth, while the World Bank cut Indias growth forecast to 1.5-2.8% from 6.1% earlier. Investment bank Goldman Sachs expects the economy to shrink 5%. To be sure, the lockdown to slow the spread of the coronavirus disease imposed on March 25, and still continuing, though several restrictions have been eased, did hamper farm produce sales and many producers of perishables have said they face losses. And during its the initial days, labour shortage and shut markets led farmers to dump new harvest, especially perishables items. Of the 2069 nationally important agricultural wholesale markets in the country, less than 500 were functioning during the first weeks of the lockdown. Within agriculture, restrictions especially hurt the animal husbandry sector, which accounts for 5% of the countrys GDP. Rumours that chicken were a carrier of the novel coronavirus tanked poultry sales. The latest optimism comes amid a 44% rise in summer sowing compared to last year and widespread procurement of winter produce. Procurement refers to the governments buying of farm produce at statutory minimum prices. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 07:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/flights-resume-from-monday-how-covid-19-will-change-delhi-airport/story-gIoQJX4vww3zqJVRrvY1jK.html</url>
<title>Flights resume from Monday: How Covid-19 will change Delhi airport</title>
<body >The flight services are resuming from Monday after an order by the central government. Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Union government had restricted all modes of travel including air travel since March 25. A day before the flights resume, here is a look at what a flyer arriving at Delhis Indira Gandhi International airports Terminal 3 can expect in the wake of Covid-19. Outside the terminal  Outside the terminal, passengers can check-in through kiosk  After web check-in, the passenger heads towards the airline-allowed entry gate. A guard will check the flyers temperature and status on Aarogya Setu app. If they dont have the app, the flyers will have to fill out a self-declaration form. Entering the airport  A security person behind a glass curtain will check the boarding passes and identity cards.  The passenger then heads to the terminal and goes through a thermal scanner.  Carpets are soaked in sanitising chemicals to ensure shoes are disinfected.  Hand sanitisers will be placed at gates for use by flyers. Baggage scanning  Before entering the terminal, passengers will put their luggage in a sanitising machine where the bags will be treated with ultraviolet radiation to sanitise them. Check-in  The passenger heads to check-in counters where they can opt for self baggage check-in.  Baggage tags will no longer be issued, and passengers will get an SMS to confirm luggage check-in. Security check  The passengers moves to the security hold area with the one allowed hand-bag. Here, contactless screening will be conducted using metal detectors and security personnel will scan the boarding pass before allowing passenger to the boarding area. At waiting area  Shops in non-aero areas will adhere to stringent safety, health and hygiene rules. All FB retail shops will be open and orders can be placed on apps or kiosks.  Passengers will sit at alternate seats, with more seating space added.  Drinking-water fountains will be foot-pedal operated and washrooms will be deep-cleaned regularly.  On buses for boarding, only alternate seats to be used. </body>
<date >Updated: May 24, 2020 09:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/independence-of-judiciary-not-a-one-time-pill-says-chief-justice-gogoi/story-eUZAybTN5nSPoc5EqrRnRP.html</url>
<title>Independence of judiciary not a one-time pill, says Chief Justice Gogoi</title>
<body >Independence is the very soul of a functional judiciary and has to remain constant in the face of continuous and recurrent waves of onslaught, Chief Justice of India Ranjan Gogoi told a conference in the Russian city of Sochi on Tuesday. Gogoi is leading an Indian delegation at the two-day conference of chief justices of members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO). He addressed the inaugural forum and later spoke on the theme Steps to strengthen the independence of the judiciary. People of every nation aspire to an independent judicial system and independence is the very soul of a functional judiciary, he emphasised in his speech. Independence of judiciary is not a one-time pill  it is a state of affairs that has to remain constant in the face of continuous and recurrent waves of onslaught aimed at disturbing such state, he said. Gogoi drew attention to the fact that the judiciary has to rise and stand up to protect Constitutional ethos, even during trying times. In India, he said, the executive and judiciary have enjoyed a healthy relationship of mutual respect. Independence of the judiciary as an institution is different from the independence of judges, but at the same time, they are mutually dependent and vital for a strong and responsive judicial system, he pointed out. Gogoi asked the audience to ponder over ways to strengthen the judiciarys independence from within, and emphasised the need to develop and nurture leadership in the judiciary. Referring to the UNs Basic Principles on the Independence of Judiciary, he said countries that support and invest in strong judicial infrastructure are more likely to have stable governments and administrations. Chief justices and judges of the Supreme Court from SCO member states are participating in the conference. Gogoi was accompanied by Justices VN Ramana, DY Chandrachud and MR Shah. </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 19, 2019 05:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/opinion/india-must-exploit-china-s-worries-about-pakistan/story-uWbcUCTBCcJkP3Bhvym73N.html</url>
<title>India must exploit Chinas worries about Pakistan</title>
<body >Squeeze your friend to save your friend is Indias new recommendation to China. That is the implicit message Prime Minister Narendra Modi passed on when he told Chinas President Xi Jinping that India cannot hold a dialogue with Pakistan unless there is an end to cross-border terror. Even before this exchange at the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit in Kyrgyzstan, Beijing had, through public statements and its State-owned media, signalled that it wanted India and Pakistan to jaw-jaw rather than war-war. China is one of the few foreign countries with any real influence over Pakistan and the only one taken seriously by the Pakistani military. China also seems increasingly worried about stability in the southwest  Asian region as a whole and the fallout of continued friction between India and Pakistan in particular. This combination provides New Delhi some leverage with regard to Islamabads behaviour. Sensibly, Mr Modi is seeking to exploit this. Beijings interest in dialogue seems clear. It has now become Pakistans patron State. It provides 70% of its weapons, is by far its largest foreign investor, and, as can be seen in the United Nations, has become Islamabads diplomatic guardian. Yet, Pakistan is also Chinas problem child. The economy is a black hole, shrinking in size and requiring an endless amount of assistance. Conflict, even proxy fighting, will do far more damage to Pakistans economy than Indias. The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor may save its hosts economy one day, but it remains under construction and places tens of thousands of Chinese civilians on the firing line if there were to be a genuine military action along the border. There is some evidence China is not above arm-twisting Pakistan when it comes to its sponsorship of terrorism. It allowed Pakistan to be grey-listed by the Financial Action Task Force on terrorism finance. Its public statements after the Balakot airstrike were guardedly neutral. It has its own domestic problems with Islamicist militancy. But no one should be under the illusion that Beijing will take New Delhis side against Islamabad. China broadly agrees with Pakistan that if it rolls up the jihadi network, there will be no incentive for India to negotiate over Kashmir. But Pakistans own weakness provides India with the ability to extract minor concessions from China in places like the United Nations and, with a bit of luck, it will be through such small victories that a more realistic stance on terrorism by Pakistan may develop. </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 16, 2019 21:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/pm-modi-imran-khan-exchange-pleasantries-at-sco-summit-report/story-5DL2QAO70k8bDltxQxcfMJ.html</url>
<title>PM Modi, Imran Khan briefly exchange pleasantries at SCO Summit</title>
<body >After appearing to avoid each other at more than half a dozen events during the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summit in the Kyrgyzstan capital of Bishkek, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Imran Khan briefly exchanged pleasantries on Friday. People familiar with developments were quick to point out that there was no pull aside or formal meeting between the two leaders, who have spoken on phone and exchanged letters since Khans party won Pakistans general election last year. Ahead of the SCO Summit, Indian officials had insisted that there would be no formal meeting between Modi and Khan at Bishkek. This didnt prevent the Pakistani side from making overtures for an engagement. Indias lack of desire to engage was signalled by Modi on Thursday, when he said Pakistan is yet to act on Indias concerns and create an atmosphere free of terrorism. On Thursday and Friday, Modi and Khan were together at two photo ops, a concert, a dinner hosted by the Kyrgyz president, a formal lunch, and two sessions of the SCO leaders but chose not to engage. While six of the eight visiting SCO leaders were hosted at Ala Archa State Residence, the official home of the Kyrgyz president, Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin opted to stay at other venues. It was only when Modi and Khan came face to face in the leaders lounge on Friday that they exchanged usual pleasantries in the presence of SCO heads of government, the people cited above said. Pakistans foreign minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi described the encounter to Indian journalists as an informal exchange, and said Khan congratulated Modi on his recent election victory with a heavy mandate. </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 15, 2019 07:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/iran-prez-hassan-rouhani-calls-us-actions-a-serious-threat-to-global-stability/story-2KXSykP3RKHHMLMFOFnfLJ.html</url>
<title>Iran Prez Hassan Rouhani calls US actions a serious threat to global stability</title>
<body >Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Friday the United States present a serious threat to global and regional stability as tensions soar in the Gulf. The US government over the last two years, violating all the international structures and rules and using its economic, financial and military resources, has taken an aggressive approach and presents a serious risk to stability in the region and the world, Rouhani said, in translated comments. He was speaking at a meeting in Bishkek of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation - a Eurasian security alliance that includes China, India and Russia. Rouhani criticised the US for withdrawing from the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, saying Washington is forcing other parties and countries to breach a UN Security Council resolution on normalising trade contacts with Tehran. He called on the other participants in the deal to carry out their obligations as soon as possible so Tehran can develop its economic interests under the deal. Rouhani did not refer to the situation in the Gulf where the US has accused Iran of being behind attacks on two tankers. Iran on Friday dismissed the US charges as baseless. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 14, 2019 14:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/at-sco-opening-ceremony-imran-khan-slipped-up-again-on-diplomatic-protocol/story-VE0AHCUaJzSe6WLzrPaBPO.html</url>
<title>At SCO opening ceremony, Imran Khan slipped up again on diplomatic protocol</title>
<body >Prime Minister of Pakistan Imran Khan yet again broke the diplomatic protocol, this time at the opening ceremony of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summit held in Kyrgyzstans capital Bishkek on Thursday. In a video shared on the official Twitter handle of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), Khan is seen seating while everyone else stood to welcome the head of states entering the hall. Upon realizing that he was perhaps the only one seated, he stood briefly and then seated himself again before the others did. Khan earlier broke the diplomatic protocol at the 14th OIC summit held in Saudi Arabia earlier this month. Watch| Imran Khan breaks diplomatic protocol, welcomes world leaders while sitting   During a meeting with Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz at the sidelines of the summit, Khan spoke to Salmans interpreter and walked off before the message could be translated to the king. The video was widely circulated on social media and Khan was criticized, both by his countrymen and Saudi Arabia for apparently disrespecting the king. Khan and the leaders of the SCO member countries, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi are attending the two-day summit in Kyrgyzstans capital Bishkek. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 19:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/countries-sponsoring-terrorism-must-be-held-accountable-pm-modi-at-sco-summit/story-tWRdhzCmxqfSV09PcP4HyL.html</url>
<title>Terror sponsors must be held accountable, Modi tells SCO</title>
<body >Countries supporting and financing terror must be held accountable, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Friday while addressing a gathering in the Kyrgyzstan capital of Bishkek that included his Pakistani counterpart Imran Khan. Modi didnt name any country in his speech at the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit, keeping in mind the groupings sensitivities to the raising of bilateral matters by members, but there was little doubt the reference was to Pakistan. Indias concerns about terror emanating from Pakistan were also addressed in the Bishkek Declaration adopted at the summit, which spoke of the need for greater coordination to tackle cross-border security challenges and said the use of terror groups to achieve ones own mercenary ends is unacceptable. It is necessary that the countries which encourage, support and finance terrorism are held responsible, said Modi, who largely kept his distance from Khan while attending at least seven events during the two-day summit, including photo ops, a formal dinner and a formal lunch. The two leaders only exchanged usual pleasantries when they came face-to-face in the leaders lounge on Friday, people familiar with developments said. Modi referred to the impact of the Easter Sunday suicide bombings in Sri Lanka last month and called for an international conference to fight terror. All humanitarian forces will have to emerge from their narrow realms and unite to combat the menace, he said. During my visit to Sri Lanka last Sunday, I visited St Anthonys Church, where I saw the ugly face of terrorism that emerges everywhere and at any time to claim the lives of innocents, Modi said in his address, referring to one of the sites targeted by the suicide bombers who killed more than 250 people. SCO members should use the full potential for cooperation under the groupings Regional Anti-Terrorist Structure (RATS) to eliminate terror, he added, speaking in Hindi. India has linked any engagement with Pakistan to a crack down on terror groups based on Pakistani soil. Modi said during a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday that Pakistan is yet to take concrete action on Indias concerns and create an atmosphere free of terror. Watch | Countries sponsoring terror must be held accountable: PM Modis subtle jibe at Pak The Bishkek Declaration called for close coordination and constructive cooperation by the world community to tackle challenges and security threats that are becoming cross-border in their nature, including terrorism, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, unsettled conflicts undermining the global security system and climate change. The SCO members condemned terror in all forms and emphasised their intention to deepen cooperation to address threats to stability and security. They said acts of terrorism cannot be justified and called for comprehensive measures to determine, and eliminate factors and conditions that promote terror. They note that interfering in other countries domestic affairs under the pretext of fighting terrorism and extremism as well as using terrorist, extremist and radical groups to achieve ones own mercenary ends is unacceptable, the declaration said. While condemning the propaganda of the ideology of terrorism and intolerance and discrimination based on religion, the SCO members said it is a priority to step up joint efforts to counter attempts to involve youngsters in the activities of terrorist, separatist and extremist groups. Modi also presented a new acronym HEALTH that could be a template for cooperation  healthcare cooperation, economic cooperation, alternate energy, literature and culture, terrorism-free society and humanitarian cooperation. A peaceful and united Afghanistan is an important factor for stability and security in the SCO area and India backs an Afghan-led, Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled inclusive peace process, he said. We are happy that the road map for further action by the SCO Afghanistan contact group is ready, he added. In the field of climate change, Modi urged SCO members to back the International Solar Alliance to mobilise technology and finance to reduce solar energy costs. Referring to Indias involvement in connectivity projects such as Irans Chabahar port and the North-South Corridor, Modi told the gathering that included Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani that all such initiatives should be based on respect for sovereignty, regional integrity, transparency and reliability. In his speech, Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan said his country condemns terrorism in all forms and manifestations, including state-terrorism against people under illegal occupation. He contended Pakistan was among the few countries to have successfully turned the tide against terrorism. He also said growing intolerance and Islamophobia were threatening to accentuate religious fault lines. A scheduled bilateral meeting between the Indian premier and the Iranian president on Friday couldnt be held as an official banquet for all the SCO leaders was delayed and this disrupted the schedule of all the leaders, people familiar with developments said. Modi had to attend a business forum while Rouhani had various engagements, they said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 19:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/pm-modi-holds-talks-with-xi-jinping-at-sidelines-of-sco-summit/story-m6Jhy5IoSFHs5A49np18yL.html</url>
<title>PM Modi holds talks with Jinping on sidelines of SCO, friendship is focus</title>
<body >Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday met Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summit here and discussed ways to further strengthen the bilateral relations. This is the first meeting between the two leaders after Modis re-election following the stunning victory of the BJP in the general elections last month. Deepening friendship with China. PM @narendramodis first meeting on the sidelines of the SCO Summit is with President Xi Jinping. Both leaders are discussing ways to further strengthen bilateral relations, the Prime Ministers Office tweeted. Also Watch | SCO summit: PM Modi holds bilateral meeting with Xi Jinping, discusses Pak Ahead of the meeting, China hinted that President Xi would highlight the need to forge a united front against US President Donald Trumps policies of trade protectionism and unilateralism using tariffs as a weapon. China and the US have been in an escalating conflict over trade for the past year. The scope of the battle has expanded in recent months as Washington has tightened trade restrictions on Chinese telecom giant Huawei. Chinese officials hope that India, which is also facing trade frictions with the US specially over termination of its designation as a beneficiary developing country under the Generalised System of Preferences (GSP), would join the fight against Trumps protectionist policies. Prime Minister Modi arrived in the Kyrgyz capital on Thursday for the SCO summit, the first multilateral engagement post his re-election. The SCO is a China-led 8-member economic and security bloc with India and Pakistan being admitted to the grouping in 2017. Last month, Xi extended his heartfelt congratulations to Prime Minister Modi for winning the general elections, in a rare gesture of greeting a foreign leader well before the official announcement of the results. The economic and commercial engagement between India and China constitutes a major component of the bilateral relations with bilateral trade which crossed USD 95 billion last year and is set to cross USD 100 billion this year. The two leaders have met more than 10 times in the last five years, including thrice after their informal summit in the Chinese city of Wuhan in April, 2018 -- first at the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit held in June last in Chinas Qingdao, the second time at the BRICS summit in South Africas Johannesburg in July and third time in December last on the sidelines of the G-20 summit in Argentina. The Wuhan summit between Prime Minister Modi and President Xi was largely credited to have turned around the bilateral relations soured by the 73-day Doklam standoff, triggered by Chinese troops attempts to build a road close to Indian border in an area also claimed by Bhutan in 2017. After the Wuhan summit, both the countries stepped up efforts to improve relations on different spheres including the military-to-military ties. Last month, the 1267 Al Qaeda Sanctions Committee of the powerful UN Security Council designated Pakistan-based terror group Jaish-e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar as a global terrorist after veto-wielding permanent member China lifted its technical hold on the proposal by the US, the UK and France to blacklist him. It was a huge diplomatic victory for India after a decade of relentless efforts to ban the mastermind of several terror attacks against India, including the deadly Pulwama attack against Indian security forces. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.) </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 16:40 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/sco-summit-2019-live-updates-pm-narendra-modi-in-bishkek-to-participate-in-sco-summit/story-TjCLZsja2SS8ucauXA0dNO.html</url>
<title>SCOSummit 2019 Highlights: PM Modi accepts Vladimir Putins eastern economic forum invite in Vladivostok</title>
<body >Before leaving for Bishkek to participate in SCO Summit 2019, PM Narendra Modisaid that the global security situation as well as economic cooperation will be on the agenda at summit. Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday reached Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan to participate in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit. The PMs flight took a longer route to Bishkek, through the airspace of Oman, Iran and Central Asian countries, bypassing Pakistani airspace despite permission for overflight from Islamabad.  The governments decision is a reflection of the frosty nature of bilateral ties with Pakistan since the standoff following the February 14 suicide attack in Pulwama by Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) that killed 40 Central Reserve Police Force troopers.A day before embarking on the visit in a statement on Wednesday, the PMsaid that the global security situation as well as economic cooperation will be on the agenda at summit, and asserted that his visit to the Central Asian country will strengthen Indias ties with the SCO member states.The prime minister also plans to plans to meet several leaders bilaterally on the sidelines of the SCO Summit. Follow Highlights here: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday reached Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan to participate in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit. The PMs flight took a longer route to Bishkek, through the airspace of Oman, Iran and Central Asian countries, bypassing Pakistani airspace despite permission for overflight from Islamabad. The governments decision is a reflection of the frosty nature of bilateral ties with Pakistan since the standoff following the February 14 suicide attack in Pulwama by Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) that killed 40 Central Reserve Police Force troopers. A day before embarking on the visit in a statement on Wednesday, the PMsaid that the global security situation as well as economic cooperation will be on the agenda at summit, and asserted that his visit to the Central Asian country will strengthen Indias ties with the SCO member states.  The prime minister also plans to plans to meet several leaders bilaterally on the sidelines of the SCO Summit. Follow Highlights here:  The meeting with President Putin was excellent. We had wide-ranging discussions on ways to further boost the India-Russia strategic relationship. We look forward to increased trade and people-to-people linkages with Russia: Narendra Modi.  The meeting with President Putin was excellent. We had wide-ranging discussions on ways to further boost the India-Russia strategic relationship. We look forward to increased trade and people-to-people linkages with Russia. @KremlinRussia_E pic.twitter.com/shj4hEbtht Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) June 13, 2019 The meeting with President Putin was excellent. We had wide-ranging discussions on ways to further boost the India-Russia strategic relationship. We look forward to increased trade and people-to-people linkages with Russia. @KremlinRussia_E pic.twitter.com/shj4hEbtht Foreign Secretary, Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek on PM Narendra Modis meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin: There was no discussion on any international or regional issue as the focus was entirely on how to make Prime Ministers visit for the next annual summit successful.  Foreign Secretary, Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek on PM Narendra Modi's meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin: There was no discussion on any international or regional issue as the focus was entirely on how to make Prime Minister's visit for the next annual summit successful. pic.twitter.com/uhsRgSb9iv ANI (@ANI) June 13, 2019 Foreign Secretary, Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek on PM Narendra Modi's meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin: There was no discussion on any international or regional issue as the focus was entirely on how to make Prime Minister's visit for the next annual summit successful. pic.twitter.com/uhsRgSb9iv PM @narendramodi and President Putin had a wonderful meeting in Bishkek. Various subjects pertaining to India-Russia relations were discussed during the meeting:PMO.  PM @narendramodi and President Putin had a wonderful meeting in Bishkek. Various subjects pertaining to India-Russia relations were discussed during the meeting. @KremlinRussia_E pic.twitter.com/OAiuU4WVeL PMO India (@PMOIndia) June 13, 2019 PM @narendramodi and President Putin had a wonderful meeting in Bishkek. Various subjects pertaining to India-Russia relations were discussed during the meeting. @KremlinRussia_E pic.twitter.com/OAiuU4WVeL  Foreign Secretary, Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek: It is planned that there will be a Russia, India and China trilateral meeting on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Osaka, Japan, reports news agency ANI. Foreign Secraetary,Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek on PM Modis meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin: President Putin has invited the PM to be the main guest at Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok, Russia in early September, and PM Modi has accepted the invitation.  Foreign Secy,Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek on PM Modi's meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin: President Putin has invited the PM to be the main guest at Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok, Russia in early September, and PM Modi has accepted the invitation. pic.twitter.com/YlB1vYicaU ANI (@ANI) June 13, 2019 Foreign Secy,Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek on PM Modi's meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin: President Putin has invited the PM to be the main guest at Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok, Russia in early September, and PM Modi has accepted the invitation. pic.twitter.com/YlB1vYicaU A special partner, a privileged relationship! PM @narendramodi met with @KremlinRussia_E Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of #SCOSummit in #Bishkek. Reviewed all aspects of bilateral relations to further strengthen the strategic relationship: MEA  A special partner, a privileged relationship!PM @narendramodi met with @KremlinRussia_E Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of #SCOSummit in #Bishkek. Reviewed all aspects of bilateral relations to further strengthen the strategic relationship. pic.twitter.com/Jp6LSQsmMi Raveesh Kumar (@MEAIndia) June 13, 2019 A special partner, a privileged relationship!PM @narendramodi met with @KremlinRussia_E Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of #SCOSummit in #Bishkek. Reviewed all aspects of bilateral relations to further strengthen the strategic relationship. pic.twitter.com/Jp6LSQsmMi Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin hold delegation level talks. PM says I am very grateful for your support for the rifle manufacturing unit in Amethi.  #WATCH Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin hold delegation level talks. PM says 'I am very grateful for your support for the rifle manufacturing unit in Amethi' #Kyrgyzstan pic.twitter.com/EBEhe0BdsP ANI (@ANI) June 13, 2019 #WATCH Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin hold delegation level talks. PM says 'I am very grateful for your support for the rifle manufacturing unit in Amethi' #Kyrgyzstan pic.twitter.com/EBEhe0BdsP Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin hold delegation level talks on the sidelines of the SCO Summit in Bishkek.  Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin hold delegation level talks on the sidelines of the SCO Summit in Bishkek. #Kyrgyzstan pic.twitter.com/M2teCkutKe ANI (@ANI) June 13, 2019 Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin hold delegation level talks on the sidelines of the SCO Summit in Bishkek. #Kyrgyzstan pic.twitter.com/M2teCkutKe  Foreign Secretary,Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek: There was a brief discussion on Pakistan. PM recalled that he has made efforts and these efforts have been derailed,that Pakistan needs to create atmosphere free of terror and at this stage we do not see this happening. We expect it to take concrete action, reports news agency ANI. Foreign Secretary Vijay Gokhale on PM Modis meet with Chinas President: PM noted what had improved between two sides is strategic communication and in that context,we have been able to resolve long pending issues like opening of Bank of China branch in India and issue related to listing of Masood Azhar.  FS Gokhale on PM Modi's meet with China's President: PM noted what had improved between two sides is strategic communication in that context,we have been able to resolve long pending issues like opening of Bank of China branch in Indiaissue related to listing of Masood Azhar. pic.twitter.com/Kg9SeFCxpr ANI (@ANI) June 13, 2019 FS Gokhale on PM Modi's meet with China's President: PM noted what had improved between two sides is strategic communication in that context,we have been able to resolve long pending issues like opening of Bank of China branch in Indiaissue related to listing of Masood Azhar. pic.twitter.com/Kg9SeFCxpr  Foreign Secretary,Vijay Gokhale in Bishkek: PM specifically conveyed to President Jinping and he agreed that both sides need to raise our expectations from the relationship. PM welcomed him to India for next informal summit, President Xi Jinping confirmed his readiness to visit India this year, reports news agency ANI. PM Modi tweets: Had an extremely fruitful meeting with President Xi Jinping. Our talks included the full spectrum of India-China relations. We shall continue working together to improve economic and cultural ties between our nations.  Read more: PM Modi holds extremely fruitful meeting with Xi Jinping on sidelines of SCO summit  Had an extremely fruitful meeting with President Xi Jinping. Our talks included the full spectrum of India-China relations. We shall continue working together to improve economic and cultural ties between our nations. pic.twitter.com/JIPNS502I3 Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) June 13, 2019 Had an extremely fruitful meeting with President Xi Jinping. Our talks included the full spectrum of India-China relations. We shall continue working together to improve economic and cultural ties between our nations. pic.twitter.com/JIPNS502I3 Building on the momentum of high-level exchanges, PM @narendramodi had a warm meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Leaders discussed all aspects of enriching our bilateral relations and recognised the positive role of strategic communication in deepening our partnership: MEA.  Building on the momentum of high-level exchanges, PM @narendramodi had a warm meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Leaders discussed all aspects of enriching our bilateral relations  recognised the positive role of strategic communication in deepening our partnership. pic.twitter.com/l4OYqLSvmy Raveesh Kumar (@MEAIndia) June 13, 2019 Building on the momentum of high-level exchanges, PM @narendramodi had a warm meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Leaders discussed all aspects of enriching our bilateral relations  recognised the positive role of strategic communication in deepening our partnership. pic.twitter.com/l4OYqLSvmy PM Narendra Modi thanked Xi Jinping for his message after victory in general elections.  #WATCH Prime Minister Narendra Modi holds delegation level talks with President of China Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the SCO Summit. PM Modi thanked Xi Jinping for his message after victory in general elections. pic.twitter.com/zCDFiZkXxw ANI (@ANI) June 13, 2019 #WATCH Prime Minister Narendra Modi holds delegation level talks with President of China Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the SCO Summit. PM Modi thanked Xi Jinping for his message after victory in general elections. pic.twitter.com/zCDFiZkXxw  Ahead of the meeting, China hinted that President Xi would highlight the need to forge a united front against US President Donald Trumps policies of trade protectionism and unilateralism using tariffs as a weapon, reports news agency PTI. Deepening friendship with China: PMO  Deepening friendship with China. PM @narendramodis first meeting on the sidelines of the SCO Summit is with President Xi Jinping. Both leaders are discussing ways to further strengthen bilateral relations. pic.twitter.com/WgrGcsT2L1 PMO India (@PMOIndia) June 13, 2019 Deepening friendship with China. PM @narendramodis first meeting on the sidelines of the SCO Summit is with President Xi Jinping. Both leaders are discussing ways to further strengthen bilateral relations. pic.twitter.com/WgrGcsT2L1 Bishkek: Prime Minister Narendra Modi holds delegation level talks with China President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the SCO Summit.  Bishkek: Prime Minister Narendra Modi holds delegation level talks with China President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the SCO Summit. #Kyrgyzstan pic.twitter.com/J4oKMcnCdN ANI (@ANI) June 13, 2019 Bishkek: Prime Minister Narendra Modi holds delegation level talks with China President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the SCO Summit. #Kyrgyzstan pic.twitter.com/J4oKMcnCdN  The MEA has revealed that India would be holding a meeting with host nation Kyrgyzstan on June 14. Read more: Narendra Modi embarks on 2-day visit for SCO summit  PM Modi was given a warm welcome upon his arrival at Bishkek airport. Though he will hold some bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the summit, no bilateral meeting has been planned between him and Pakistani prime minister Imran Khan.  The Prime Minister will hold bilateral meetings with Russias President Vladimir Putin and Chinas Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the SCO summit.  PMModi lands at Bishkek, Krygyzstans capital. He is there to attend the two-day Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summit there. Kyrgyzstan: Prime Minister Narendra Modi lands at the Bishkek airport. He will attend the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit in the city later. pic.twitter.com/emRhMI65D2  Before leaving for the SCO summit, PMModi tweeted about his engagements in Bishkek, including jointly addressing  the first meeting of India-Kyrgyz Business Forum, an endeavour to promote commercial linkages between our nations. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/editorials/the-shanghai-cooperation-organisation-holds-out-benefit-for-india/story-ReW40fFXgmHjqzk1LyH22L.html</url>
<title>The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation holds out benefit for India</title>
<body >The first multilateral summit Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend in his second term will be the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) get-together in Kyrgystan. The SCO is among a set of strategic bodies that India has signed up to as a geopolitical hedge rather than because it is clear how membership will further long-term strategic interests. That the media interest is more about the possibility of Mr Modis meeting Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan and his face-to-face with Chinas Xi Jinping is not without reason. Nonetheless, it is important that India continues to invest in SCO. The body has shown slow but steady development as a counterterrorism body and could potentially become the basis of a trading arrangement in the region. But Indias struggle to engage Central Asia and the Eurasian heartland is severely hampered by geography. The lack of a common border with Central Asia, the cordon created by Pakistan and China, the complexity of setting up a land-sea connection via Iran and Afghanistan severely constrains Indias economic footprint. Central Asias trade with Indian is about a fiftieth of the regions trade with China. The possibility of a United States withdrawal from Afghanistan will only increase the difficulties India already faces. Indias original entry was promoted by Russia to counter the influence of China in the region. Since then, Moscow has aligned itself with Beijing. The primary supporters of an active Indian role are the Central Asian countries themselves, desirous of geopolitical options beyond the two giants to their north and east. Chinas overweening position is so evident that India had to agree not to directly criticise Pakistan in Bishkek. But many SCO members are pleased to join in poking Pakistan through more general statements about terrorism. Yet SCO is no ones puppet: even Chinas hopes for an SCO development bank and free trade agreement were shot down by others. These and similar pointers indicate there are enough chinks and gaps for India to exert leverage, so long as it is realistic about how far its writ will run. </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 12, 2019 20:00 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/at-sco-meet-pm-modi-xi-jinping-may-discuss-trade-issues/story-vZy5pKCu0A5OKqCrQM4FdK.html</url>
<title>At SCO meet,PM Modi, Xi Jinping may discuss trade issues</title>
<body >The US-China trade war, the second India-China informal summit and New Delhis growing trade deficit are expected to be on the agenda when Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets Chinese President Xi Jinping for the first time after his re-election in Kyrgyzstan this week. The two leaders will meet on the margins of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summit to be held in the Kyrgyzstan capital of Bishkek during June 13-14. Modi and Xi had met four times last year, and this will also be the first multilateral meeting attended by Modi in his second term as premier. Xi is expected to make a pitch for India and China working together in the face of the protectionist trade policies of the US when he meets Modi, people familiar with developments in Beijing said on Monday. Indian officials, who didnt want to be named, said the Indian side was expecting this issue to be raised but would tread carefully as it didnt want to create any impression of the two countries ganging up against the US. Vice foreign minister Zhang Hanui told a news briefing in Beijing the China-US trade war and the spectre of trade frictions between the US and India could be an important part of the discussions in Bishkek. Whether they will talk about trade friction between China and the US and the spectre of trade frictions between the US and India, such things are not surprising. I believe this could become an important topic in his (Xis) bilateral meetings with the related leaders, Zhang said. Trade protectionism and unilateralism are very much on the rise. How to respond to the bullying practices of the US, its practice of trade protectionism  this is an important question not only to China but also has a direct bearing on the recovery of the global economy, he added. Zhang said it would be helpful if Xi and Modi could exchange views on these issues and Beijing hopes their communication will lead to an extensive consensus on upholding justice and opposing trade protectionism. People familiar with developments in New Delhi said Chinas concerns about its trade war with the US had also figured at the last meeting between former external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj and Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi at Bishkek on May 22. They will share their perspective at the upcoming meet in Bishkek and they are probably expecting to gauge our mind and how we intend to address this issue. We also expect to look at other issues, such as the second informal summit, exchange of visits, counter-terrorism, Indias trade deficit and other bilateral matters, said one of the persons cited above. India, the people said, doesnt want to create an impression that some countries are ganging up against the US, the people said. Zhang also said Xi and Modi are good friends and referred to the very successful first informal summit at Wuhan in 2018, when they provided strategic guidance for developing bilateral ties following the chill of the military standoff at Doklam. Modi and Xi are set to hold their second informal summit in India on October 11. </body>
<date >Updated: Jun 10, 2019 23:34 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/at-sco-meeting-india-and-pakistan-ministers-sit-next-to-each-other/story-SAj07gLhkkWZX1Gu2movIO.html</url>
<title>At SCO meeting, India and Pakistan ministers sit next to each other</title>
<body >External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Pakistani counterpart Shah Mehmood Qureshi Wednesday sat next to each other during a multilateral meeting here of Foreign Ministers of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, amid strained ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbours. Swaraj and Qureshi attended the meeting of the Council of Foreign Ministers of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), which was founded at a summit in Shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of Russia, China, Kyrgyz Republic, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. India was an observer at the SCO till 2005 and was granted the membership along with Pakistan in 2017. Swaraj arrived here in the Kyrgyz capital on Tuesday to attend the Foreign Ministers meeting. According to the photos published by the Pakistani media, Swaraj and Qureshi were seen seated next to each other along with other foreign ministers. Earlier in Islamabad prior to his departure, Qureshi said besides addressing the inaugural session of the regional forum, he would also hold meetings with his counterparts from other countries. Tensions between India and Pakistan escalated after the February 14 Pulwama attack by Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) terror group which killed 40 CRPF personnel. Amid mounting outrage, the Indian Air Force carried out a counter-terror operation, hitting a JeM training camp in Balakot, deep inside Pakistan on February 26. The next day, Pakistan Air Force retaliated and downed a MiG-21 in an aerial combat and captured an Indian pilot, who was handed over to India on March 1. PTI MRJ AKJ  MRJ </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2019 17:50 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/shah-mahmood-qureshi-sushma-swaraj-may-during-sco-meeting/story-PawQEyCcMVvM0kStNVLNvI.html</url>
<title>Shah Mahmood Qureshi, Sushma Swaraj may interact during SCO meeting</title>
<body >Pakistans Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi and her Indian counterpart Sushma Swaraj are likely to interact during the upcoming meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) in Kyrgyzstan later this month, a top Pakistani official said Thursday. The two foreign ministers would be present in the meeting and in all likelihood would interact amongst themselves and with other leaders, Foreign Office spokesman Mohammad Faisal said. But he hastened to clarify that no formal meeting is, however, envisaged. The SCO Ministerial meeting will take place in Kyrgyzstan on May 21-22. The economic and security grouping was founded at a summit in Shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of Russia, China, Kyrgyz Republic, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. India and Pakistan became its members in 2017. In September, India called off a meeting between Swaraj and Qureshi at the UN citing the release of postal stamps glorifying a Kashmiri militant by Pakistan as one of the reasons. The Indo-Pak tensions escalated in recent months after a terror attack in Pulwama by Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed terror group that killed 40 CRPF soldiers on February 14 and a subsequent aerial strike by India on a JeM training camp in Balakot on February 26. On February 27, the Pakistan Air Force retaliated by unsuccessfully targeting several military installations in Jammu and Kashmir. In the dogfight, Pakistan downed a MiG-21 Bison jet and captured an IAF pilot, who was handed over to India on March 1. Faisal also alleged that India was causing an arms race in the region. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2019 18:03 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/resolve-post-pulwama-differences-bilaterally-china-led-sco-tells-india-pakistan/story-t89ekQxcr4h9hVDZJdRD9N.html</url>
<title>Resolve post-Pulwama differences bilaterally, China-led SCO tells India, Pakistan</title>
<body >The China-led regional security bloc, Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) has said India and Pakistan should resolve their differences in the aftermath of the Pulwama terror attack bilaterally, cautioning them against any spillover of the animosity in the group. India and Pakistan also have to remain committed to fighting terrorism, the newly appointed SCO secretary-general, Vladimir Norov said. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the two States to participate in the SCO, he added. Norov said the SCO members were sincerely glad that the calls for restraint and a political and diplomatic solution to bilateral conflicts from all SCO member states were heard by the parties. The whole world has heard clear signals from the parties not to escalate relations and their readiness to fully understand and follow the principles established within the organisation, he said. Norov, however, didnt comment on the wide differences between India and Pakistan  and also China  on terrorism and specific terror suspects. India and Pakistan were admitted to the six-member group in 2017 after several years of negotiations. Their history of hostility and more recently the military engagement following the Pulwama terror attack have put question marks on whether New Delhi and Islamabad will be able to set aside their differences when sitting at the same SCO table. Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) claimed responsibility for the Pulwama attack, in which 40 CRPF soldiers were killed. But its leader Azhar Masood was saved from being listed as a global terrorist at the United Nations  for the fourth time  by Islamabads snug ally, China. India said it was disappointed by Chinas decision to block Masoods listing. In a written question, HT had asked how and whether SCO will be able to iron out these differences on a crucial issue like terrorism among India, China, and Pakistan. Norov didnt answer the question directly but said India and Pakistan will have to work together in the SCO. He was addressing his first press conference held at the SCO headquarters in Beijing on Wednesday; the other SCO members are Russia, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan. As you know, before joining the SCO as full members, India and Pakistan committed themselves to strictly implement all the provisions of the legal framework that has been developed by the member states of the organisation, Norov added. One of such fundamental obligations is not to bring bilateral contradictions and disagreements to the SCO family, as the SCO is not engaged in the settlement of disputable bilateral issues, whether border, water or other topics in relations between individual member states, he said. In addition, the most important condition for participation in multi-disciplinary cooperation within the SCO is the commitment to the unconditional and consistent struggle against terrorism, separatism, and extremism, he said. The SCO acquired a trans-regional character with the joining of India and Pakistan. I can say that with the accession of India and Pakistan, the SCO has acquired a trans-regional character, and in terms of its aggregate potential - the total population, territory, reserves of natural resources, GDP - it has become the largest organisation not only in the region but also in the world. Based on this, many experts note that the SCO should be among the main supporting structures of the future world order, Norov said. Norov said counter-terrorism and cooperation in the field of security were very important issues for SCO members. The SCO Charter defines joint counteraction to terrorism, separatism, and extremism in all their manifestations as one of the important tasks. He said that for almost two decades, the organisation has made a significant contribution to security and development in a vast region is an indisputable fact. Over the years, the joint efforts of all parties have succeeded in creating a solid legal framework and effective mechanisms for cooperation in the field of security. The approval at the Qingdao summit of the Cooperation Program of the SCO member states in countering terrorism, separatism and extremism for 2019-2021 reflects the desire of all the organisations states to counter major security threats in Eurasia, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 21, 2019 13:02 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/ties-with-india-improved-says-china-s-military-floats-some-new-ideas/story-OCAIefT2vufE0YvAARhQIP.html</url>
<title>Ties with India improved, says Chinas military; floats some new ideas</title>
<body >Indian and Chinese militaries should expand engagement between front-line units including training for border guards at each others universities and open a defence hotline between adjacent military regions to resolutely ensure that Doklam-like standoffs dont recur, the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) has suggested. Further, the two countries should establish a regular border meeting mechanism for the generals of the respective theatre commands. Important decisions at the border should be left to the front-line forces, the PLA has suggested in a rare article on Sino-India military ties published this week in the influential PLA Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese military. It further called for cooperation between navies, increase exchanges of young military officers, promote university, academic, and public affairs exchanges, expand new areas of cooperation, and strengthen cooperation in multilateral frameworks such as the SCO (Shanghai Cooperation Organisation). It was jointly written by Zhao Xiaozhuo and Wang Yu from the War Studies College of the Chinese PLA Academy of Military Sciences, and the Joint Service Academy of the Chinese PLA National Defence University. The article was published under the headline China-India Military Relations Improve Markedly in the context of the armed forces standoff last year near the Sikkim border. Border troops were locked in a standoff for 73 days in the Doklam area, known as Donglang in China, near the Sikkim border, which is under Chinas control but claimed by Bhutan. Protracted negotiations between the two countries resolved the problem end of August last year. Border disputes such as tent confrontation and Donglang event have all plagued the development of bilateral relations. Since this year, the relationship between the two militaries has improved markedly with the rapid recovery of China-India relations, it said. A slew of suggestions followed to maintain the momentum of peace. Looking forward to the future, the two sides should promote the establishment of a regular border meeting mechanism for the generals, open the border defence hotline of the adjacent military regions, carry out personnel exchanges between the adjacent theater commands and the corresponding services at all levels, strengthen exchanges between the front-line units, carry out exchange and training for border guards in the others colleges and universities, and resolutely put an end to similar incidents as Donglang event, the article said. It added that as long as the consensus reached by the two countries could be extended to an action level and pass the upper-level decision to the front-line forces as well as properly control their differences, the two militaries can promote the win-win cooperation, making their military relations serving as a positive factor for their stable bilateral ties. The authors said the biggest problem is the pending border issue but a number of agreements between the two governments and their militaries, New Delhi and Beijing have managed to control differences. In what is rarely recollected by the Chinese government, the authors mentioned: India was one of the first countries to recognise the new China and to propose restoring Chinas legitimate seat in the United Nations (UN). China, India and Myanmar jointly advocated the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence and achieved a pioneering work in the history of international relations. </body>
<date >Updated: Oct 18, 2018 22:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/janhvi-kapoor-s-sister-khushi-kapoor-subtly-rejects-her-banana-with-toffee-sauce-asks-for-plain-banana-instead/story-nHosQsynqFYKQPzsTloWbI.html</url>
<title>Janhvi Kapoors sister Khushi Kapoor subtly rejects her banana with toffee sauce, asks for plain banana instead</title>
<body >Janhvi Kapoor has been experimenting in the kitchen occasionally during the lockdown. And shes trying out her recipes on her sister Khushi Kapoor. However, her latest dish was subtly rejected. Janhvi shared a glimpse of Khushis reaction when she offered her a bowl of banana with toffee sauce. Sharing a short video of Khushi tasting a spoonful of the dish on her Instagram stories, Janhvi wrote Subtle rejection of my banana with toffee sauce. Khushi, who always tastes Janhvis food while in bed, looked perplexed and muttered, can I ask you to give plain banana. Some days ago, Janhvi had baked carrot cake which also failed to impress Khushi. After she tasted a spoonful and politely approved of it, on being asked to eat more by her sister, she had plainly refused, I dont like it. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Entertainment Fan Page (@facc2911) on Apr 21, 2020 at 1:07pm PDT A post shared by Entertainment Fan Page (@facc2911) on Apr 21, 2020 at 1:07pm PDT Janhvi and Khushi are spending time together during the lockdown. Janhvi recently featured on the cover of Harpers Bazaar, and the photo was clicked by Khushi at their house. The cover picture shows Janhvi in a bedroom, holding up their adorable dog, Panda, in her arms. While Janhvis eyes are closed in the shot, Panda look happy to be posing for the camera. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on Apr 17, 2020 at 7:59am PDT A post shared by Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on Apr 17, 2020 at 7:59am PDT Janhvi had shared the cover on Instagram with the caption, I like to tell myself that Panda likes me more than it seems like in this photo. The actor chose to wear no makeup and asked the magazine to use her unphotoshopped pictures. Also read: Amitabh Bachchans granddaughter Navya Naveli gets a DIY graduation, actor loves her positive happy attitude. See pics Janhvi has completed the shooting for Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl, in which she plays the titular role. She will also be seen in Rajkummar Raos Roohi Afzana, Dostana 2 starring Kartik Aaryan and Karan Johars big budget project, Takht. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 07, 2020 08:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/janhvi-kapoor-shares-disappointment-says-good-hair-days-only-happen-when-one-has-nowhere-to-go-watch/story-q6WPSeknQwOPrHXh1EaBhM.html</url>
<title>Janhvi Kapoor shares disappointment, says good hair days only happen when one has nowhere to go, watch</title>
<body >Actor Janhvi Kapoor has been regaling her fans with funny posts through the lockdown period. Her latest one is about not being happy about having good hair days. The actor took to her Instagram Stories to shared a funny boomerang video of herself where she is making a fuss face. The caption reads - Fact: Good hair days only happen when you have nowhere to go. Her long and luscious hair look lovely. Like a tonne of other Bollywood celebrities, Janhvi has been staying home and practicing social distancing. She has also been utilising the time to practice her craft (read hone her dancing skills) and bond with sister Khushi. Some time back, she had shared a video of her dancing to an Aishwarya Rai song from Umrao Jaan and had written: #missing the class room. But anywhere and everywhere can be a classroom no? Dressed in a printed salwar kameez, Janhvi was seen doing graceful steps in the company of another girl. View this post on Instagram           Look at this CUTIE A post shared by  Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvi.kapoor.fanclub) on Apr 18, 2020 at 10:27am PDT Look at this CUTIE A post shared by  Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvi.kapoor.fanclub) on Apr 18, 2020 at 10:27am PDT Janhvi often shared goofy videos with her sister Khushi. Some time back, she had shared a challenge called Who is Likely To trend. As part of it, they are required to point a finger to whichever of them fits the question being asked. Also read: Kareena Kapoor shares Saif Ali Khan and son Taimurs pics as they paint flowers on their balcony wall. See photos Earlier on Siblings day, on April 12, Janhvi had posted a video to share how her younger sister Khushi has turned hairdresser for her, amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Taking to Instagram stories, Janhvi had uploaded a video where she can be seen getting her hair done by Khushi. On the film front, meanwhile, Janhvi is super busy and will next be seen in Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl, RoohiAfza, Takht and Dostana 2. (With IANS inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 19, 2020 12:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-janhvi-kapoor-got-jealous-of-sister-khushi-getting-all-the-hugs-from-mom-sridevi-see-throwback-pic/story-cq26HqveDigbwzOK5uc2CK.html</url>
<title>When Janhvi Kapoor got jealous of sister Khushi getting all the hugs from mom Sridevi. See throwback pic</title>
<body >Actor Janhvi Kapoor has shared a throwback picture of herself and sister Khushi, with their late mother, Sridevi. Janhvi took to Instagram stories to share the picture, on the occasion of Mothers Day. The picture shows Sridevi hugging Khushi, while Janvhi makes a face in the background. TBT to when I didnt even want to share mummas huggies with Khush, Janhvi captioned her post. Earlier in the day, shed shared a picture of Sridevi holding her in her arms when she was a toddler. Shed captioned the post with a heart emoji. Janhvis post was liked over 500000 times, and received love from Manish Malhotra, Smriti Irani, Anaita Shroff Adajania, Anand Ahuja and others. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by  Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on May 10, 2020 at 3:07am PDT  A post shared by  Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on May 10, 2020 at 3:07am PDT Ahead of her 23rd birthday this year, Janhvi had remembered how her mother would make her big day special. Shed told Mumbai Mirror, They would decorate my room with balloons and make everything feel special, be it the conversations on the couch or the cake-cutting. Mom would make me feel pampered. Dad does it every day even now. Also read: Janhvi Kapoor shows how she is annoying sister Khushi during lockdown, try out her tricks on your siblings Shortly after the coronavirus lockdown began, Janhvi had written a heartfelt note about how it had changed her perspective in life. Ive learnt that I can still smell my mother in her dressing room, shed written in her post. Janhvi made her acting debut in Dhadak, opposite Ishaan Khatter. She then appeared in Zoya Akhtars short in the anthology film Ghost Stories. Next up she has the biopic of Gunjan Saxena, the horror-comedy RoohiAfzana, the comedy sequel Dostana 2 and the historical epic Takht. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 11, 2020 09:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/janhvi-kapoor-sums-up-life-with-sridevi-dad-boney-brother-arjun-kapoor-if-you-can-t-go-outside-go-inside-watch-video/story-8EHC6lgygPbCPX7f0WF2fP.html</url>
<title>Janhvi Kapoor sums up life with Sridevi, dad Boney, brother Arjun Kapoor: If you cant go outside, go inside. Watch video</title>
<body >Janhvi Kapoor has shared a special video in which the actor describes herself and the things she has felt and learnt during her time in lockdown. It is a combination of her several throwback clips with her late mother Sridevi, father Boney Kapoor, her time with her sister Khushi and stepbrother Arjun Kapoor. It also shows her doing funny things at home like jumping on the couch and grooving while cooking. She shared the video on Instagram with the caption, Quarantine Tapes. Click to watch me ramble about the lockdown with cute videos. As the video shows a glimpse of her childhood days, her moments on the sets and her birthday party, the actor opens her heart out about all the things that have been going on in her head. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on May 13, 2020 at 2:31am PDT A post shared by Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor) on May 13, 2020 at 2:31am PDT She says, I have a little bit of my mom in me and my dad in me and my sister in me. Its like I am different things at different points of day. My friends think I am like a chameleon. I guess I travel a lot so am not with my family as much as I want to be. My dad is alone a lot, I should make more time for him. Sharing the changes she has seen in herself, she adds, But its so low now because of the lockdown. I think just looking at your life from a third persons perspective, somehow I feel like I have gotten more confident after spending time all of this time with myself during the lockdown. Maybe I know myself a little better now. I think finding things to look forward to everyday is the way to not let you go crazy. As a person I think I got to learn something new every day. If I tell everyone to stay positive, I am going to sound like those phonies. If you have the luxury to be at home, be with your family and not worry about surviving then consider yourself lucky. Also read: Illegal review: Neha Sharma, Kubbra Sait deliver their best performances in new-age legal drama She further says, I think too many people are trying to be too many things but they are not in this world. I dont think there is anyone else like me. I am getting closer to a stage where I am accepting who I am, it allows me to be more relaxed in my own skin. Surround yourself with positivity and you will become it. I hope we all start to value ourselves and each other a little more. If we can experience it and be better people somehow and become more considerate human beings after it. If you cant go outside, then go inside. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 13, 2020 16:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/robert-downey-jr-chris-evans-bid-emotional-goodbyes-on-last-day-as-iron-man-captain-america-on-avengers-endgame-set-watch/story-xh0Hy3KyJ0sS1edyFwYO5J.html</url>
<title>Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans bid emotional goodbyes on last day as Iron Man, Captain America on Avengers Endgame set. Watch</title>
<body >Directors Joe and Anthony Russo, and writers Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely took part in an Avengers: Endgame watch party organised by ComicBook.com on Monday. The creative team behind the biggest film of all time revealed interesting anecdotes, shared unseen footage, and much more. From sharing behind-the-scenes videos of Brie Larsons first day on set (as Captain Marvel), to a video of Chris Evans goofing off in old-age makeup, the Avengers team kept fans hooked during the watch party. See...hes not that old...@ChrisEvans #AvengersAssemble pic.twitter.com/8yBoGUp9Zr Russo Brothers (@Russo_Brothers) April 28, 2020 See...hes not that old...@ChrisEvans #AvengersAssemble pic.twitter.com/8yBoGUp9Zr Here are five key takeaways from the event: Who did Hulk see in the Soul World? In the film, both Tony Stark and Bruce Banner use the Soul Stone. While it was revealed in a deleted scene that Tony saw an older version of his daughter, Christopher Markus revealed that it wasnt the Hulk who was transported into the Soul World, but Bruce Banner. We did write one, a conversation between Hulk and Banner, but it didnt make it to camera. Ruffalo showed up but Hulk wouldnt come out of his trailer, Markus joked. Youll never see Black Widows cooking skills The writers revealed that among the many deleted scenes, there was one in which Black Widow made a peanut butter sandwich. There is extensive footage of Scarlett Johansson making that peanut butter sandwich. Cant believe it was cut. #Realeasethepeanutbuttersandwichcut, Markus wrote on Twitter. Also read: Marvel fans totally missed this Avengers Endgame Easter egg that has emotional connection to Tony Stark Not Sam, Bucky could have become Captain America At the end of Endgame, an old Steve Rogers returns from a life well lived to pass on the mantle of Captain America. Both Bucky Barnes (Winter Soldier) and Sam Wilson (Falcon) are with him, implying that either of them could be chosen. Steve hands his shield to Sam, and Bucky nods in approval. The writers revealed that making Bucky Captain America was considered, but not for long. Considered, but quickly dropped. Captain America is about the idealism, what we could be if we were better. Sam is that. Bucky is something else entirely. Heres when Captain America became worthy One of the biggest crowd-pleasing moments of the film was when Captain America lifts Thors hammer, Mjolnir, which can only be brandished by those who are worthy. Asked why he could only move the hammer slightly in Avengers: Age of Ultron and not even attempt to lift it in Captain America: Civil War, the writers said, Id say hes not completely worthy yet. He still has the secret of Tonys parents death to resolve. Watch Chris Evans and Robert Downey Jr say goodbye on their last day on set The Russos shared footage of actors Robert Downey Jr and Chris Evans on their last days on set, emotionally bidding the  cast and crew goodbye. Downeys last day on set after shooting the "I am Iron Man" moment. The very definition of a legend. We love this man 3000. @RobertDowneyJr #AvengersAssemble pic.twitter.com/wIiQ5AwsDJ Russo Brothers (@Russo_Brothers) April 28, 2020 Downeys last day on set after shooting the "I am Iron Man" moment. The very definition of a legend. We love this man 3000. @RobertDowneyJr #AvengersAssemble pic.twitter.com/wIiQ5AwsDJ This is from @ChrisEvanss last day of playing Captain America, ever. Much love and respect to you sir. What an amazing run. #AvengersAssemble pic.twitter.com/LreTlM2JrZ Russo Brothers (@Russo_Brothers) April 28, 2020 This is from @ChrisEvanss last day of playing Captain America, ever. Much love and respect to you sir. What an amazing run. #AvengersAssemble pic.twitter.com/LreTlM2JrZ Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 28, 2020 16:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/of-the-world-s-15-hottest-places-10-are-in-india/story-i7z7pGDp8J6Tf9aN6LLg3H.html</url>
<title>Of the worlds 15 hottest places, 10 are in India</title>
<body >Out of the 15 hottest cities in the world in the last 24 hours, 10 were in India with the others in neighbouring Pakistan, according to weather monitoring website El Dorado. Rajasthans Churu, about 20km north of state capital of Jaipur, recorded the countrys highest temperature of 50 degrees Celsius on Tuesday. Churu, known as the gateway to the Thar desert, was matched by Jacobabad in Pakistan as the hottest place on Earth on Tuesday. Bikaner, Ganganagar and Pilani were the three other cities from Rajasthan which were on that list. Also read: No homes, and now this heat: No respite for migrant workers in Ludhiana Two cities were from Uttar Pradesh and two from Maharashtra. UPs Banda and Hisar in Haryana also recorded extreme temperatures of 48 degrees Celsius on Tuesday. The others in the list of hottest cities were New Delhi at 47.6 degrees Celsius, Bikaner at 47.4 degrees Celsius, Ganganagar at 47 degrees Celsius, Jhansi at 47 degrees Celsius, Pilani at 46.9 degrees Celsius, Nagpur Sonegaon at 46.8 degrees Celsius and Akola 46.5 degrees Celsiusboth in Maharashtra. Churu recorded the second-highest temperature in May in the last 10 years. Before this, Churu had recorded a temperature of 50.2 degrees Celsius on May 19, 2016, according to the local weather bureau. Churu has witnessed severe heat conditions since May 22 when the highest temperature recorded in the town was 46.6 degrees Celcius. After that it has been increasing every dayit was 46.6 on May 23, 47.4 on May 24 and 47.5 on May 25, the met office said. Two other towns in the state also recorded temperatures beyond 45 degrees Celsius. The highest temperature in Kota and Jaisalmer was 46 degrees, the weather report said. Heatwave conditions in isolated places in Kota and Bundi in eastern Rajasthan and in Bikaner, Churu, Hanumangarh and Sriganganagar in the western part of the state has been forecast. </body>
<date >Updated: May 27, 2020 07:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/no-passengers-chandigarhs-auto-rickshaws-struggle-to-restart-in-lockdown-40video/video-TLQV5enW9JDZEonbTJgCJO.html</url>
<title>No passengers: Chandigarhs auto rickshaws struggle to restart in lockdown 4.0</title>
<body >After the fresh relaxations were announced by Chandigarh administration in lockdown 4.0, interestingly, most of the auto-rickshaws in the city are standing still as their drivers have left the city for their homes. Most of them from UP and Bihar had left Chandigarh after there was no source of livelihood left during the curfew. However, those running these rickshaws complain that there are no takers for the ride as well. One of the drivers also narrates his misery of how he has been surviving over the food given by the administration. He has also taken loans from local vendors to survive however future for him seems bleak as there are hardly any passengers for the rickshaws now. Watch the video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/when-a-player-comes-to-csk-his-career-is-born-again-dwayne-bravo-explains-the-ms-dhoni-effect/story-QYcIvxKs7WEg03yhLXAUZP.html</url>
<title>When a player comes to CSK, his career is born again, Dwayne Bravo explains the MS Dhoni effect</title>
<body >West Indies allrounder Dwayne Bravo is in awe of MS Dhonis leadership skills, explaining how the former India captain always makes people feel comfortable around him in the Chennai Super Kings camp. Bravo, who has been playing alongside Dhoni at CSK since 2011, reckons that despite having so many international captains, Dhoni stands out head and shoulder than the rest, purely because of the atmosphere he creates for his players. Also Read | On this day: Saeed Anwars record 194 shadows Rahul Dravids maiden ODI ton CSK over the years have had many good captains in their dressing room. Weve had Faf du Plessis, Brendon McCullum, myself, Mike Hussey. These guys have been leaders in various countries, but MS is the type of person who always says that you are here because youre good enough, so when you come here, you dont need to prove anything to anyone. The franchise sees and it knows what you can offer. Just be yourself, Bravo told ESPN in a video chat. Also Read | Gautam Gambhir picks Sachin Tendulkar over Virat Kohli in ODIs, reveals reasons Whenever a player comes to CSK, its like his career is kind of born again. Look at Shane Watson a few years ago, look at Ambati Rayudu, when he left Mumbai, everybodys career (graph) keeps going up whenever they come around CSK. Bravo, one of the only two players to win the Purple Cap twice, explained how Dhonis behaviour and confidence in the players makes life easy at CSK. MS doesnt put pressure on anyone. Outside of cricket, you rarely see him, but his room is always open, so you can walk in there anytime. Hes brilliant to have conversations with, obviously played so many games. He creates an environment where people feel comfortable and everyone relaxes; he doesnt behave like a superstar despite all his accolades and achievements, Bravo said. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 13:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-what-you-need-to-know-today/story-mrsuXVfyvx6m7bQfEw8Z7J.html</url>
<title>Covid-19: What you need to know today</title>
<body >India is moving again. On Wednesday, the civil aviation ministry announced the resumption of flights, and on Thursday, it came out with the details. There wont be as many flights as there were before the lockdown  just around a third  and the government will define the range for ticket prices. On the Delhi-Mumbai route, which is Indias busiest one, for instance, the minimum fare will be Rs 3,500 and the maximum Rs 10,000. Theres a further requirement  that 40% of the tickets be sold at the median price of Rs 6,700. On Tuesday, Indian Railways announced it would run 100 (pairs of) trains, adding to the Shramik trains it is running to ferry stranded migrant workers back home, and the special trains it is running from Delhi to 15 cities and back. On Wednesday, it released the list of trains. The flights will start from May 25 and the trains from June 1. The resumption of air and rail services comes as India is slowly easing stringent lockdown rules that were issued on March 25 as the first phase of the lockdown began. That has been extended three times, and we are currently in Lockdown 4.0 as some have started referring to it, although the current phase is more of a graded exit than a continuation of restrictions. This phase ends on May 31. The resumption of air and train services comes even as the number of Covid-19 cases continues to rise  India added 5,830 infections to end Thursday with a total of 116,726 cases. The government has come under criticism from some quarters for imposing too harsh and too prolonged a lockdown, and from others for lifting the lockdown just as cases are beginning to peak. Perhaps in response to that, the Press Information Bureau put out a release on Thursday defending the government and showcasing numbers that prove that the lockdown has been used to prepare for the crisis. The release refers to 3,027 dedicated Covid-19 hospitals, 6.5 million personal protective equipment kits and 10.1 million N95 masks supplied to the states, and the daily manufacture of 300,000 PPE kits and a like number of N95 masks. The number of Covid-19 cases was never going to drop to zero by mid-May as a government presentation showed; it was always clear that a lockdown would reduce the number of cases (there is no doubt that Indias has), and delay the peak (more on this shortly)  providing enough time for the State to prepare. The imminent lifting of the lockdown  even if this takes the form of a fifth phase with even more easing of restrictions  is an indication that India believes it is now equipped to deal with the worst the pandemic can throw at it, or that it believes the economic cost of the lockdown is now far too high, or both. But what about the peak? When will it come? India has added 52.23% of its cases (as on May 20) since May 5. While the current drivers of the number  Maharashtra, Delhi, Gujarat, and Tamil Nadu  may well start seeing a reduction in the number of daily cases, it is likely new drivers will emerge, spurred by the mass movement of migrants and stranded Indians back home, or just by the natural progression of the pandemic. Some of the ensuing Covid-19 infections will be mild, and some may be asymptomatic, but overall, the number of cases will continue to rise and may peak only in July, according to Dr SK Sarin, the chair of the Delhi chief ministers committee on Covid-19 preparedness. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 02:24 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/we-all-have-to-be-responsible-citizens-says-rajat-barmecha/story-uF1zQ0TjC1j0jTiAf38HmK.html</url>
<title>We all have to be responsible citizens, says Rajat Barmecha</title>
<body >One has to be mentally sorted in a crisis and I am feeling just fine in this lockdown, says Rajat Barmecha, adding that in these troubled times, he is thankful for a loving family and a support system. I am blessed and it is terrible to read about the tough times so many people are facing, he says. View this post on Instagram           I had never done anything remotely close to #Sculpting. This was my first attempt at creating an #EcoFriendly Ganesha. I tried...I learnt a lot...I made mistakes...but at the end of the day me and my friends together tried to do something for our planet and help it stay fresh, breathable and ALIVE!! Thank you @rithvik_d and @karanwahi for asking me to join in. Lets make it bigger next year!  A post shared by  Rajat Barmecha (@barmecharajat) on Sep 2, 2019 at 2:26am PDT I had never done anything remotely close to #Sculpting. This was my first attempt at creating an #EcoFriendly Ganesha. I tried...I learnt a lot...I made mistakes...but at the end of the day me and my friends together tried to do something for our planet and help it stay fresh, breathable and ALIVE!! Thank you @rithvik_d and @karanwahi for asking me to join in. Lets make it bigger next year!  A post shared by  Rajat Barmecha (@barmecharajat) on Sep 2, 2019 at 2:26am PDT The actor feels that people should learn that they have to do their bit and take care of nature. He admits that he has been avoiding using plastic in the last three years. I dont use plastic at all in my daily life. It is tough due to the kind of world we live. We all have to be responsible citizens. I have not bought or used any plastic bottles, straws, cutlery and carry bags. More than not use it, one has to find new ways not to use it. For garbage bags, I got in touch with a company that makes bags using corn starch. In my acting contracts, I have a clause about non-usage of plastic and in fact, my sisters wedding ceremony was plastic free. My friends too have begun following these habits and I feel if even three of them convert, then my job is done, he says. View this post on Instagram           When a film becomes a part of who you are and the team becomes your family... This is what it looks like!!  #Happiness The Udaan Reunion (Link in my Bio) : @ishikamohanmotwane #Udaan @ronitboseroy @motwayne @anuragkashyap10 @iamramkapoor @oyemanjot @anandntiwari @kalradipika @adityakan @rukhshida @varunkhettry @aayan_boradia99 #Jamshedpur #India #SteelCity #Bollywood #Movie #WorldCinema #Cinema #Bicycle #FatherSon #Jogging #Running A post shared by  Rajat Barmecha (@barmecharajat) on May 8, 2020 at 3:49am PDT When a film becomes a part of who you are and the team becomes your family... This is what it looks like!!  #Happiness The Udaan Reunion (Link in my Bio) : @ishikamohanmotwane #Udaan @ronitboseroy @motwayne @anuragkashyap10 @iamramkapoor @oyemanjot @anandntiwari @kalradipika @adityakan @rukhshida @varunkhettry @aayan_boradia99 #Jamshedpur #India #SteelCity #Bollywood #Movie #WorldCinema #Cinema #Bicycle #FatherSon #Jogging #Running A post shared by  Rajat Barmecha (@barmecharajat) on May 8, 2020 at 3:49am PDT Workwise, his debut film Udaan completed 10 years of its release. He feels humbled that people still remember the film and his performance. People dont get the creative satisfaction and the respect as an actor even after 10 films but I got it with Udaan. The films team went to the Cannes Film Festival in May 2010. Since then, I have grown as an actor and a person. I have travelled a lot and they have taught me a lot about life, he says. He has featured in web shows in the last year and he has used the lockdown period to write a script. It is a travel film and I plan to act and maybe direct it. too. If not, then I would like to have Imtiaz Ali to direct it. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 01:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/indians-abroad/india-tops-list-of-british-citizens-born-abroad-replaces-poland/story-md5GqX1ja64J470Qid1swI.html</url>
<title>India tops list of British citizens born abroad, replaces Poland</title>
<body >New migration figures released on Thursday show major increase in the number of Indians granted student visas, British nationality and work-related visas  but also reveal that Indians top the list those returning voluntarily to their home countries. India is now the most common non-UK country of birth of British citizens (863,000), displacing Poland (818,000), which topped the list since 2015, the figures from the Home Office and the Office for National Statistics for the year ending March 2020 show. The top non-EU nationalities being granted British citizenship during the year were Indian (15,800), Pakistani (14,043) and Nigerian (9,231) nationals. The largest number of recorded voluntary returns was of Indian nationals (1,635, or 16% of the total). The figures show a 136% jump in the number of student visas issued to Indians: 49,844; compared to 21,158 in the year ending March 2019. However, due to the coronavirus pandemic, it is uncertain how many of those students will turn up when the academic year begins in September-October. The 136% rise is the largest number of grants to Indian students since the year ending September 2011, the Home Office said. Chinese (586,179) and Indian (497,999) nationals together accounted for just under half (46%) of all visitor visas granted during the year. Besides, Indian nationals account for 50% of all Tier 2 (work-related) visas granted, the number of grants increasing by 3% to 58,114. Of the nationalities that commonly claim asylum in the UK, Libyans (97%) and Syrians (92%) typically have high grant rates, while nationals of India (4%), China (17%) and Bangladesh (18%) typically have low grant rates, the Home Office said. In figures showing extension of visas issues too Indians figured prominently. The majority (82%) were extensions in Skilled (Tier 2) work categories. Indian nationals were granted the highest number of all work-related extensions during the year: 43% of the total, reflecting the higher proportion of Tier 2 visas issued to Indian nationals. There were 1,10,489 family-related grants of visa extensions in the year ending March 2020, an 11% increase compared to the previous year. Pakistani, Nigerian and Indian nationals account for two in five (40%) family-related extensions granted over the year. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 01:27 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/war-veteran-passes-away-at-102/story-WzKiKiB6o7A82bGodZhZiI.html</url>
<title>War veteran passes away at 102</title>
<body >Gurdial Singh Jallanwalia, one of the oldest war veterans in the country, passed away at the age of 102. He breathed his last at his house in Civil Lines, Ludhiana, on Thursday evening. He had been suffering from some age-related ailments, his son Harmander Singh said. Jallanwalia had participated in four battles, including World War II. In 1939 and 1940, he fought a battle for British Army in Waziristan, now in Pakistan. During the second world war in 1944-1945, he was posted in Burma (now Myanmar) and was shot on the lower abdomen by a Japanese soldier. But somehow, the soldier could not fire a second shot and Jallanwalias fellow soldier was quick to shoot the enemy. In 1947 and 1948, Jallanwalia led a battle in Jammu and Kashmir region and during 1965 war, he was posted in Amritsar. Despite, participating in four wars, he advocated continuous dialogue to bring peace. He was also an active supporter of the One Rank One Pension (OROP) campaign. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 01:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/wb-odisha-flooded-as-amphan-wreaks-havoc/story-uvKKGxeCxkJSe2PRiGFYZP.html</url>
<title>West Bengal, Odisha flooded as cyclone Amphan wreaks havoc</title>
<body >Cyclone Amphan killed at least 72 people and left a trail of destruction and damage in West Bengal, where rescue teams on Thursday struggled to reach ruined coastal hamlets that bore the brunt of the storms fury before it moved on to neighbouring Bangladesh. The toll in India from the cyclone, including the two dead in Odisha on Wednesday, stood at 74 at the time of going to print. The loss of life may have been much more had it not been for the evacuation of 658,000 people -- 500,000 in West Bengal and 158,000 in Odisha -- before the cyclone arrived. Those moved to relief camps have been asked not to step out or return to their homes for fear that they may come in contact with high-tension electric cables that have snapped and be electrocuted. WATCH |Cyclone Amphan leaves trail of destruction in Odisha  West Bengal  The death toll included 15 who died in Kolkata. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said most of the 72 deaths had been caused by electrocution and falling trees. The deceased in Odisha were a two-month-old baby and a woman. In Bangladesh, initial reports said that 10 people were killed. Several districts have been totally ruined. We never thought that it would be so destructive, Banerjee said as her government tried to arrive at an estimate of the damage done by Amphan, the most powerful storm to have originated in the Bay of Bengal since the 1999 Odisha super cyclone that killed 9,000 people. Two districts  North and South 24 Parganas -- are completely devastated. We have to rebuild those districts from scratch. I would urge the central government to extend all help to the state, said Banerjee, who is likely to visit the devastated districts on Saturday for a spot assessment of the destruction. The state government announced compensation of Rs 2.5 lakh for the families of those killed in the cyclone. Banerjee also announced a relief package of Rs 1,000 crore after meeting members of a task force formed to assess relief work needed in the aftermath of cyclone Amphan. Large parts of West Bengal including many areas in Kolkata and its surrounding areas went without electricity on Thursday and telecom disruptions made it difficult for the state government to contact district headquarters for an assessment of the situation, including the number of people displaced by the cyclone. Officials said that in some districts it could take three days to restore power supply. Not all the district magistrates could be contacted on Thursday. Those who we could contact have been asked to send a list of immediate requirements which we can send, West Bengal chief secretary Rajiva Sinha told reporters at the state secretariat. Banerjee said she had requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi  to visit the cyclone-hit areas, adding that home minister Amit Shah had called her and assured her of help. Banerjee said help should arrive fast and not after 500 days. We havent received any money to fight the Covid-19 pandemic till date, the CM said. The storm, which made landfall around 20km east of Sagar Island in the Sunderbans on Wednesday afternoon, packing winds gusting to a top speed of 185 kilometres per hour, cut off road links, snapped telecommunications and left parts of West Bengal without electricity. It flattened houses, uprooted trees and power pylons, causing rivers to swell and breach their embankments. It hit Kolkata at a wind speed of 130km per hour. Reuters Television footage shot in West Bengal showed upturned boats on the shore, people wading through knee-deep water and buses crashed into each other. More images showed villagers trying to lift fallen electricity poles, fishermen hauling their boats out of a choppy sea, and uprooted trees lying strewn across the countryside. Have been seeing visuals from West Bengal on the devastation caused by Cyclone Amphan. In this challenging hour, the entire nation stands in solidarity with West Bengal. Praying for the well-being of the people of the state. Efforts are on to ensure normalcy, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted on Thursday. Designated a super cyclone, Amphan has weakened since making landfall. Moving inland through Bangladesh, it was downgraded to a cyclonic storm on Thursday by the Indian weather office. The storm was expected to subside into a depression later. The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) said on Thursday that the India Meteorological Departments (IMD) climatological intelligence was accurate and helped in saving lives while minimising damage.IMD used a doppler weather radar (monitoring tool for severe weather) on the east and west coasts to come up with an accurate cyclone track with near-accurate wind speed and landfall point predictions. IMDs director general, M Mohapatra, said: This shows India can face cyclones and can save life and property. NDRF director general SN Pradhan said Odisha may bounce back to normalcy in the next 24 to 48 hours. The West Bengal government has sought four more NDRF teams which are being airlifted from Chennai and Pune, he said. Restoration work has started from late last night. If more teams needed, we can deploy more, said Pradhan adding that the overall damage has not yet been assessed and the death toll may change as reports from the ground start coming in. Concern was, meanwhile, growing over flooding in the Sundarbans, an ecologically fragile region straddling the India-Bangladesh border, best known for thick mangrove forests and its tiger reserve. The tidal surge submerged some part of the forest, said Belayet Hossain, a forest official on the Bangladesh side of the forest. We have seen trees uprooted, the tin roofs of the guard towers blown off, he said. Over on the Indian side of the Sundarbans, a village official said embankments surrounding a low-lying island, where some 5,000 people live, had been washed away, and he had been unable to contact authorities for help. We have not been able inform them about anything since last night, the official, Sanjib Sagar, said. (Reuters contributed to this story) </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 01:53 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/india-unlocks-air-travel-on-383-routes-with-new-rules/story-qz9OO2O37L6U76KSSUhrOP.html</url>
<title>India unlocks air travel on 383 routes with new rules</title>
<body >India will reopen air travel on 383 routes across the country after a two-month gap, the government announced on Thursday, but allowed one-third of the operations beginning May 25 and set limits on fares that airlines can charge in the initial phase of this critical unlocking of swift long-distance travel. Civil aviation minister Hardeep Puri said the government has identified seven bands based on flight durations, while announcing a set of norms for airlines and guidelines for passengers that outline how air travel is set to change in India in the aftermath of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak. The fares  consistent for each band  will be capped till at least August 24. [Because of the lockdown] we have been able to escape the situation other countries have found themselves in. [But] it is equally important that at some stage you will have to open up. Two months is a very long time...you have to balance between lives and livelihood; it is time to now open up, Puri said at a press conference in New Delhi, a day after announcing the resumption of domestic flights. According to data by Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), flights in the first phase will operate on all routes, taking off from a total of 35 origin cities and landing in 39 destination airports. The central government hereby directs that domestic civil flight operations are permitted from 25 May, 2020 to a limited extent... For operations from Metro to Metro cities, One-Third capacity of the approved Summer Schedule..., the civil aviation ministry said in an order on Thursday. The metro cities were identified as Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata. The rule will be applicable for metro to non-metro operations as well. Though there are several guidelines for social distancing in airports and at embarkation and disembarkation points, the middle seat will not be kept vacant in the aircraft. Lancelot Pinto, an epidemiologist at Mumbais Hinduja Hospital, said social distancing should be a priority. Even though the government is saying they will scan each passengers, many of the travellers will not show any symptoms as almost 80% people (Covid-19 patients) are asymptomatic. Puri, however, said it was not possible to keep the middle seat vacant. This is not an option being followed by any other country as well. We will keep our fingers crossed, he said. The seven bands identified by the government are: flights with duration of less than 40 minutes (Sector A), those with journey time of 40-60 minutes (Sector B), 60-90 minutes (Sector C), 90-120 minutes (Sector D), 120-150 minutes (Sector E), 150-180 minutes (Sector F) and 180-210 minutes (Sector G). A Delhi-Mumbai air travel takes around two hours, putting it in the category of Sector D. Earlier, air carriers could put their range (minimum to maximum) on their websites...We want air travel to become affordable. We have set a minimum fare and a maximum fare. For Delhi to Mumbai, the minimum fare will be Rs 3,500 and maximum Rs 10,000, Puri said at the media briefing. The government said 40% of the tickets in all bands will be sold at a price less than the mid-point (of the lower and upper limits). In case of a Delhi-Mumbai journey, these tickets will be priced at around Rs 6,700. The move to set fare limits will ensure there is no overcharging by airlines in view of an expected rush of passengers and heightened demand for tickets, Puri said. At the same time, the move to set lower limits is expected to protect carriers from extremely low fares set by competitors. Domestic flights with less than 40-minute duration, like the ones from Delhi to Chandigarh, will have lower and upper limits of Rs 2,000 and Rs 6,000, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) announced later in the day. For flights with duration between 40 and 60 minutes, such as Delhi to Lucknow, the lower and upper fare limits are Rs 2,500 and Rs 7,500. In the next band (60-90 minutes for journeys like the ones between Bengaluru and Mumbai), the lower fare limit is Rs 3,000 and the upper limit is Rs 9,000, the aviation regulator said. Flights between 120 and 150 minutes, including those on major routes such as Delhi-Bengaluru, will have lower and upper limits of Rs 4,500 and Rs 13,000. Those with duration between 150 and 180 minutes (such as Delhi to Imphal), the lower and upper limits are set at Rs 5,500 and Rs 15,700. And finally, for flights with duration between 180 and 210 minutes  like the ones on Delhi-Coimbatore route  the range will be Rs 6,500 and Rs 18,600. Vistara welcomed the moved to resume domestic flights, which were grounded on March 25, the day restrictions were first imposed in the country. Aviation is a growth engine for the economy and resumption of air travel will give great impetus to the governments overall efforts in helping the country eventually return to normalcy, Vistara CEO Leslie Thng said. Global airlines body International Air Transport Association (IATA), a grouping of 290 airlines, said the decision to regulate airfares is a step back. Private carriers such as Air India, Vistara, IndiGo and SpiceJet are its members. Airlines need to have the freedom to make their commercial decisions, including the pricing of airfares. Hence, we recognise and hope that this is a one-time measure as a result of Covid-19 and will be discontinued on August 24, IATA assistant director (corporate communications - Asia Pacific) Albert Tjoeng told news agency PTI. Ravi Kini, managing partner at law firm MV Kini  Co, said: Fares are published by airlines in the regular course. The range normally published is very wide for allowing flexibility for the airlines to respond to the market demand in free market situation. In the current situation, free market play has been curbed due to Covid-19...This is a good move by the government to balance the consumer interests with airline profitability. (With agency inputs) </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 01:44 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/owner-of-popular-grocery-store-in-defence-colony-tests-covid/story-h7u1L3GttcsZO4IurATBFK.html</url>
<title>Owner of popular grocery store in Defence Colony tests Covid positive</title>
<body >The owner of a prominent grocery store in Delhis popular Defence Colony market has tested positive for the coronavirus disease (Covid-19), officials said on Thursday, even as health care workers launched efforts to trace people who may have come in contact with the 53-year-old. Manoj Gupta, the owner of Defence Store in the south Delhi neighbourhood, was admitted to the Max Hospital in Saket on Tuesday after developing flu-like symptoms. He later tested positive for the infectious disease, the Defence Colony residents welfare association said. Seven family members of Gupta and three domestic help were later put under home quarantine as a precaution. The grocery store, which carries both domestic and imported brands of various food and daily use items, was operational with social distancing norms through the lockdown, which was necessitated by the Covid-19 outbreak. Guptas family has decided to keep the store shut till the test results of all staffers and other family members are out. The Defence Colony Market Association said the neighbourhood market  over time, it has come to be identified as a popular shopping destination  will remain open while adhering to the governments guidelines. The market reopened on Tuesday after the government allowed a graded relaxation of restrictions under the fourth phase of the lockdown. There are 52 commercial establishments in the market, including restaurants, bakeries, grocery stores and chemists. Guptas family said he did not visit any location other than the store during the movement restrictions, which have effectively been in place since March 22. We dont know how he got the infection. He did not go anywhere except the store. Our test reports are expected to arrive on Friday. The stores three staff members have also been tested at RML Hospital for Covid-19 and the reports are likely to come in a day or two. We will not reopen the store till all the reports return negative. We have already got the store sanitised and will get it disinfected multiple times before opening, said Pramod Gupta, Manoj Guptas brother. The Delhi government and district administration could not be immediately contacted for a comment regarding tracing Guptas contacts over the past few days. As news of Guptas test result broke, residents began calling the area councillor, Seema Mallik, to have the market disinfected. The colony has over 4,800 housing units spread over five blocks, with a sizeable population of retired government and armed forces personnel. Mallik said: I have got calls from residents and the market association, and will get the entire market sanitised. Gaurav Dhingra, owner of Defence Bakery, said they were trying to spread awareness about the disease among customers. We have been taking all necessary precautions from the beginning. We should not get scared because somebody has tested for the disease here. Rather, we should be supportive and not stigmatise the person and family. We have already asked our customers to wear masks and gloves. Only two customers are allowed inside at a time. We are encouraging contactless payments, he said. The market association has asked owners of all shops in the area to ensure social distancing inside their stores. I have asked owners to display products on tables outside the stores, to ensure social distancing inside the shop, said Rajinder Malik, president, Defence Colony market association. Major (retd) Ranjit Singh, president of the Defence Colony residents welfare association, said: So far, we dont know how he contracted the virus. District health officials have sanitised Guptas residence, his shop and the rest of the market. We will ensure the family gets all the necessary help. Singh sent a message to residents in the colony on Wednesday, informing them about the positive test, and appealing to them not to blame Gupta for contracting the disease or trying to bully the family. Customers of the popular store also appealed that the owner and his family not be stigmatised. We should support them. Its fine to visit the store taking all precautions necessary, said Abhay Sharma, who works in an IT firm in Gurugram, and is a regular customer. Riya Mittal, a Delhi University student who was at Defence Bakery on Thursday, said: Thousands of people have tested positive in Delhi now. We will have to keep going taking all precautions. With the government relaxing the curbs of the lockdown, medical experts say people have to learn to live with the virus. There is no need to panic or worry. We cant sanitise all places because there are so many people who are asymptomatic. People should just follow basic precautions, said Dr Lalit Kant, former head of epidemiology and communicable diseases at the Indian Council of Medical Research. Now that people are stepping out for work, Dr Jugal Kishore, head of community medicine at Safdarjung hospital, said: The only thing we can do is take precautions like ensuring social distancing and frequently washing our hands and wearing a mask. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 02:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/arjun-kapoor-transforms-into-robert-downey-jr-s-sherlock-holmes-in-a-pretty-special-artwork/story-clsZjUs9RricbPu95VQdgJ.html</url>
<title>Arjun Kapoor transforms into Robert Downey Jrs Sherlock Holmes in a pretty special artwork</title>
<body >Actor Arjun Kapoor on Monday shared a pretty special artwork transforming him into his favourite actor and Hollywood star Robert Downey Jr from the  mystery action thriller Sherlock Holmes. The Ishaqzaade star put out a picture on Instagram in which he is seen as the fictional character Sherlock Holmes in a painting, just like the original character from the series. Telling fans about his fascination with the character, Kapoor wrote in the caption, Theres nothing more elusive than an obvious fact. Sherlock Holmes, My favourite character played by my favourite actor @robertdowneyjr !!!A match made in cinema heaven... Artwork by @swapnilmpawar. This one is pretty special. View this post on Instagram           "There's nothing more elusive than an obvious fact." Sherlock Holmes  My favourite character played by my favourite actor @robertdowneyjr !!! A match made in cinema heaven... Artwork by @swapnilmpawar This one is pretty special  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on May 25, 2020 at 4:55am PDT "There's nothing more elusive than an obvious fact." Sherlock Holmes  My favourite character played by my favourite actor @robertdowneyjr !!! A match made in cinema heaven... Artwork by @swapnilmpawar This one is pretty special  A post shared by  Arjun Kapoor (@arjunkapoor) on May 25, 2020 at 4:55am PDT Celebrity followers including Tiger Shroff liked the post that garnered more than 26k likes within just half and hour of being posted on the photo-sharing platform. Aparshakti Khurrana found this transformation cool, and he commented, Ohh wowww. This is sooo coool . (along with emoji wearing glasses.) Also read: Eid 2020: Priyanka Chopra, Sara Ali Khan wish Eid mubarak, Sonam Kapoor says Thank you for praying for us Lately, the Aurangzeb star has been quite active on social media as he keeps updating his fans on his quarantine activities. Earlier, Arjun shared a funny video showcasing how all the cricket lovers are managing to keep up with the sport amid quarantine. The actor also tagged his cricketer friend Virat Kohli and asked if he relates to the video. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/covid-19-cases-rising-plan-to-reimpose-strict-lockdown-after-eid-top-pakistan-official/story-61ubcgrQjK3NSwGLbMptnJ.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 cases rising, plan to reimpose strict lockdown after Eid: Top Pakistan official</title>
<body >Pakistans key figure in fight against the coronavirus pandemic has warned the people of the country to take precautionary measures otherwise this crisis could turn into a huge tragedy. Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Health Services, Dr Zafar Mirza, has said that Pakistans Covid-19 cases and deaths were on the rise and strict lockdowns could be reimposed across the country if the trajectory continued. As we promised when we eased the lockdown, if this trend continues we may reimpose strict lockdowns after Eid, Dr Mirza said while speaking to the media in Islamabad on Monday. He lamented that the governments instructions and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to control the spread of the virus were not being followed. The warning comes weeks after Pakistan had started phase-wise easing of the nationwide lockdown earlier this month. Dr Mirza observed that apparently there was perception that threat of the coronavirus was over. Unfortunately, there is now this thinking among us that this disease (Covid-19) was only here till Eid and that somehow itll disappear after Eid. This is a huge misunderstanding, he said. Pakistans coronavirus cases on Monday reached 56,349 with 1,748 new patients while the death toll climbed to 1,167 after 34 people lost their lives in the last 24 hours (bwteeen Sunday and Monday). The Ministry of National Health Services reported that 22,491 cases were diagnosed in Sindh, 20,077 in Punjab, 7,905 in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, 3,407 in Balochistan, 1,641 in Islamabad, 619 in Gilgit-Baltistan and 209 in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. The authorities also had conducted 4,83,656 tests in the country, including 10,049 on Sunday. The trajectory showed that the number was steadily going up and it was feared that it would further curve up in the wake of easing of lockdown before Eid which was observed on Sunday. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/balbir-sir-had-no-airs-despite-his-achievements/story-jOtDdKTJIMOHEp7WPhFRnK.html</url>
<title>Balbir sir had no airs despite his achievements</title>
<body >As is always the case with the Indian hockey squad, the 1975 World Cup team too comprised players of different beliefs and religions. To unite everyone and instil a sense of purpose among the players, Balbir Singh Sr., as team manager, made a rule that the entire team must go together to the gurudwara, temple or mosque in Kuala Lumpur. We had to follow the instruction and it eventually helped us a lot. We had strong bonding and that helped us win the title. Balbir Singh was always a motivating factor, be it for players of our generation, the current crop, or the younger generation. If Dhyan Chand was a pillar of strength for Indian hockey in the pre-Independence era, Balbir Sr. was the face of it in the era after 1947. I was one-year-old when Balbir Singh won his first Olympic gold. It was a historic moment. India defeated Britain on home turf and the tri-colour of the newly independent nation was hoisted in a country that had ruled it for two centuries. By the time he won his third successive Olympic gold and became a legendary figure in Indian hockey, I had started playing the game. I belong to the hockey Olympians village of Sansarpur in Jalandhar, and the game came naturally to me. I got a chance to play hockey with his teammate Udham Singh, who was from my village. I used to hear a lot about Balbir Singh from our seniors in the village. My first interaction with him was during the 1966 Asian Games camp held in Jalandhar. It was brief; I was a new comer and he was a legend. So, I couldnt stretch the conversation. In my career, he accompanied the team as manager thrice1970 Asian Games, 1971 World Cup and 1975 World Cup. On all three occasions we returned with medals, but the most special was the 1975 World Cup and those memories are still alive with us. He was a thorough gentleman. I rarely saw him lose his temper while coaching or during any of the foreign outings as manager. Always smiling, his pleasant nature and humility are things one must learn from him. By the 1975 World Cup, I was among the senior players and had a close association with him during the camp and the tournament. Our camp was held at the Panjab University, Chandigarh. We were staying in the girls hostel, and at times the boys used to interact with the girls. But because Balbir sir was a strict disciplinarian and the players had high regard for him, everyone knew their limit. He was so committed to the game that during the camp his father expired and his wife was admitted in hospital, but he never took a break. In Kuala Lumpur during the tournament, every day he used to have a meeting with the seniorsme, Govinda and Ashok Kumar. He would take our inputs and only then decide on the composition of the playing eleven before every match. We lost the group game against Argentina and the team felt very low. He came to us and said forget about todays game, you still have a chance to qualify for the semi-finals. You need to take the game against West Germany as a fresh start. His words motivated us and we not only won the match and qualified for the semi-finals, but we went on to win the title. Balbir Singhs demeanor in public could be deceptive though. Our coach Gurcharan Singh Bodhi once took me aside and said: He is very calm with you guys and says koi bat nahi (doesnt matter); but I have to face his anger in the room if things have gone wrong on the field. It showed he was careful not to hurt anyone in public. I have met him a number of times after leaving the sport. Every time he has treated me as his younger brother. He had no ego or air despite his achievements. The last time I met him was on February 22 in Chandigarh at a litfest. He invited me to his place for a cup of tea. I couldnt go, and the tea will remain pending. (The writer was skipper of the 1975 World Cup-winning team) (As told to Saurabh Duggal) </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 08:08 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/andhra-pradesh/15-feet-long-king-cobra-rescued-from-village-in-visakhapatnam-released-into-wilderness/story-w8onPvBGuV0rhgqqtw0bAI.html</url>
<title>15-feet-long king cobra rescued from village in Visakhapatnam, released into wilderness</title>
<body >A 15-feet-long king cobra was released into Cherukupalli Reserved Forest on Monday after being rescued from Tammadapalli village of Visakhapatnam district, with the help of forest officials and a local snake rescuer. The snake was first spotted by farmers at Tamgudapalli village of Chidikada Mandal, triggering panic among locals. Farmers called forest officials and informed about the snake, following which the team reached the spot. Visakhapatnam District Forest Officer C Selvam said, We received information from the villagers. My team immediately reached the spot along with Wildlife NGO conservation. We rescued the snake and released it in the nearby forest of Cherukupalli. We can find them in very few forests. We found 12 snakes in the last 18 months in Visakhapatnam forest region. King cobra can eat other snakes. There is no medicine for cobra snakebite. We use specially trained people for rescuing snakes, Selvam added. King cobra is the worlds longest venomous snake. It is threatened by habitat destruction and has been listed as Vulnerable on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List since 2010. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 07:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/andhra-pradesh/2-4-lakh-tirupati-laddus-sold-in-andhra-pradesh-on-day-one/story-CFA9YtpIltzMEeV2winJmL.html</url>
<title>2.4 lakh Tirupati laddus sold in Andhra Pradesh on day-one</title>
<body >About 2.4 lakh Tirupati laddus of the hill shrine of Lord Venkateswara at Tirumala near here were sold on the first day of sales at subsidised price in headquarters of 12 districts in Andhra Pradesh on Monday, a temple official said. However, Guntur district was barred from the sale of laddus because of the severe Covid-19 impact and the stock meant for the district was shifted to nearby Vijayawada, he said. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage Observing all Covid-19 guidelines in the presence of local government machinery, the devotees queued up at TTD marriage halls and TTD Information Centres for the sacred prasadam. The whole stock of laddus was sold within a few hours in the districts of the state, the official told PTI. The laddu, which is priced at Rs 50 each, was sold at Rs 25 as a token of gift to the devotees during the Covid-19 lockdown period, he said. Also read:Now, Banana Covid hits plantations The entry of devotees to the more than 2,000-year-old temple that used to draw tens of thousands from across the country every day during normal times has been barred since March 20 to check the spread of the deadly coronavirus. The TTD (Tirumala-Tirupati Devasthanom) that governs the hill shrine is awaiting the nod of governments of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Telangana to transport the laddus to devotees in Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad during the lockdown, he said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 07:46 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/in-lockdown-4-0-in-rajasthan-taxis-auto-rickshaws-allowed-in-red-zones/story-KzlnBrKJX8xt6hDt4Y0CTP.html</url>
<title>In lockdown 4.0 in Rajasthan, taxis, auto rickshaws allowed in red zones</title>
<body >The Rajasthan government on Monday decided to allow taxis and auto rickshaws to operate in the red zones of the state. The state government has also lifted the ban on the sale of paan, gutkha and tobacco products while making it clear that spitting in public is still a punishable offence. Amending the lockdown 4.0 guidelines, the government allowed the use of taxis, including Ola and Uber, and auto rickshaws within the red zones on a condition that social distancing and sanitisation will be ensured. Public parks in red zones will also be open from 7 am to 6.45 pm. These activities are already permitted in orange and green zones of the state. </body>
<date >Updated: May 26, 2020 07:25 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/heavy-traffic-in-delhi-during-lockdown-40-congestion-at-ito-delhi-noida-bordervideo/video-JURgsAY4DOUR8keM8JOrPJ.html</url>
<title>Heavy traffic in Delhi during lockdown 4.0; congestion at ITO, Delhi-Noida border</title>
<body >Heavy traffic was observed in Delhi on Tuesday after the government eased lockdown restrictions. Movement of vehicles and public transport was permitted by the Delhi government under lockdown 4.0. Congestion was observed in several parts of Delhi including ITO, Yamuna Bridge, Delhi-Noida border, Sarai Kale Khan, etc. Long queues of vehicles were seen at the check posts. Watch the video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/cyclone-amphan-expected-damage-government-preparation-latest-updatesvideo/video-88NXlcnavm8THP5gAf8G5I.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan | Expected damage, government preparation: Latest updates</title>
<body >Cyclone Amphan is expected to make landfall in India on Wednesday and hit the eastern coastal states of West Bengal and Odisha. Amphan turned into a Super Cyclone with wind gusting at speed of nearly 200 kmph. The cyclone is expected to make landfall with wind speed at around 155 kmph-165 kmph, according to government officials. IMD has predicted six districts in Odisha to be hit the most by the cyclone. The meteorological department listed expected damage that can be caused due to the cyclone. The government has been preparing ahead of the cyclones landfall. Watch the full video for more details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/srinagar-2-terrorists-killed-in-encounter-with-security-forces-in-nawa-kadal/video-KjlDzD2lWEUBPC1O0SkO6J.html</url>
<title>Srinagar: 2 terrorists killed in encounter with security forces in Nawa Kadal</title>
<body >Two terrorists of the Hizbul Mujahideen were killed in a gun battle with security forces on Tuesday in Nawa Kadal locality of Srinagar in Jammu and Kashmir, a police spokesperson said. Three security force personnel were also injured during the operation, which is still underway, an officer said. Two weapons and ammunition have been recovered from the encounter site. The operation began around midnight when personnel of the state police and Central Police Reserve Force (CRPF) encircled a cluster of houses in the dense neighbourhood of the city. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/over-a-dozen-migrants-killed-in-two-road-accidents-in-bihar-maharashtravideo/video-A52ZoL2B7k7Vy3mUZKGkHN.html</url>
<title>Over a dozen migrants killed in two road accidents in Bihar, Maharashtra</title>
<body >At least nine migrants were killed and many injured in a road accident in Bihars Bhagalpur. The mishap took place when a truck and bus carrying migrant labourers collided with each other. The incident happened at National Highway-31 in Bhagalpurs Naugachia. In another accident, four migrants were killed and 15 injured in Maharashtras Yavatmal. The incident took place after a bus they were travelling in crashed into a truck. The bus was travelling from Solapur to Jharkhand. The injured migrants were evacuated and rushed to hospital. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/coronavirus-crisis/lockdown-4-0-vikram-chandra-on-rules-of-relaxation-in-new-phase/video-MiUHFBL7oJBWFNekEOLkiJ.html</url>
<title>Lockdown 4:0: Vikram Chandra on rules of relaxation in new phase</title>
<body >As the centre announced an extension of the lockdown till May 31st, it has been left to the states to ascertain red, orange and green zones in their districts and allow inter and intra state travel based on mutual understanding. How have different states responded to this and what are the rules going forward? For all this and more, watch our playlist with Vikram Chandra </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/when-sussanne-khan-said-she-would-never-want-to-move-on-if-hrithik-roshan-and-she-broke-up/story-I8qie1zE3d0SDUedrVsVDI.html</url>
<title>When Sussanne Khan said she would never want to move on if Hrithik Roshan and she broke up</title>
<body >When Hrithik Roshan and Sussanne Khan announced their separation in 2013, it came as a bolt from the blue for fans. Earlier, on the first season of Koffee With Karan, she had said that she would never want to move on if she was no longer with him. Sussanne, who came on the show in 2005, said, I pray to God that if there ever has to be a time where I am not with Hrithik, for whatever reason, I dont think I would want to move on with my life. I cant imagine my life without him. I am too attached. Gauri Khan, who was sharing the couch with her, had a completely different point of view. She said that if her husband Shah Rukh Khan ever found love in someone else, she would want to move on too. Also read: Anushka Sharma gets legal notice over casteist slur in Amazons Paatal Lok I pray to God every day that if we are not supposed to be together, and he has to be with somebody else, then God, let me find somebody else also. And I hope he is handsome! This is what I pray to God, and I mean it, she laughed. When host Karan Johar asked her if she was far too proud to want to be with someone who did not want to be with her, Gauri said, Absolutely! She added, I feel that if he has to be with somebody else and if he chooses to be with somebody else, I would not want to be with him. Meanwhile, Sussanne has moved in with Hrithik during the lockdown, so that they can co-parent their sons Hrehaan and Hridhaan. She took to Instagram to share a glimpse of her work space from her temporary new home and wrote that she was getting used to the new normal. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 15:07 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/hadn-t-seen-anyone-bat-like-that-mohammad-kaif-recalls-ms-dhoni-s-148-run-knock-against-pakistan-in-vizag/story-ifTJiFGFPntVr8BNP8GTLL.html</url>
<title>Hadnt seen anyone bat like that: Mohammad Kaif recalls MS Dhonis 148-run knock against Pakistan in Vizag</title>
<body >Former India cricketer Mohammad Kaif on Thursday recalled MS Dhonis blistering 148-run knock in 123 balls against Pakistan at Visakhapatnam in 2005. The wicketkeeper-batsman was a fairly new entry into the Indian team at the time, having played only four ODI matches before. He had a tough start to his career, as he was run out in his debut game on the first ball for a duck. But his innings against Pakistan cemented his position into the team, and gave Indian team a new rising star. Speaking in an interview to Times of India, Kaif said: I first saw Dhoni playing when I was the captain of the Central Zone in the Deodhar Trophy and he was playing for the East Zone, about two years before his international debut. We had made about 360 and he came at the number 3 spot to bat. We thought of attacking him, but he made 80-85 runs in the match off just 40-50 balls. So I had realized that time he (Dhoni) has that X-factor and a unique playing style and a great understanding of the game. Also read:Told Virat Kohli to get him into team:Parthiv Patel names the player he wanted at RCB He further added: But before that, I had first heard about Dhoni from a friend who had seen him playing on TV, playing for India A, doing wicket-keeping with goggles on, has long hair and has that X-factor. Then soon, I got the chance of playing with him. Kaif was one of the players in the team when Dhoni made his debut against Bangladesh in December 2004. When Dhoni got run-out, Kaif was on the other end. When he (Dhoni) got run out against Bangladesh, no one knew about his match-finishing and match-winning capabilities. His first two-three innings werent so good, but then he got that chance in Vizag against Pakistan, he said. Also read:On this day: Saeed Anwars record 194 overshadows Rahul Dravids maiden ODI ton I watched that innings very closely and I realized that this man is one for the long haul. It was hard to believe that someone could play that sort of an innings so early in his career. Hitting the ball is one thing and tearing the ball apart by brute force is another. He was just butchering the Pakistani attack apart. I hadnt seen anyone batting like that till that time. So it was a good move to promote him to the number 3 spot, the former India batsman added. India picked a 58-run win over their arch-rivals in the encounter, as Dhoni was declared as Player of the Match.Two years later, he was named as Indias captain in the inaugural T20IWorld Cup, and led his troops to a thrilling title-win. As captain,Dhoni also led India to a title win in 2011 ODI World Cup, and 2013 Champions Trophy. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 15:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/mumbai-news/thousands-of-migrants-gather-at-grounds-in-kandivali-in-hope-of-boarding-trains/story-1H9A3YwelmeRezG7HJGNdM.html</url>
<title>Thousands of migrants gather at grounds in Kandivali in hope of boarding trains</title>
<body >Amid the coronavirus spread, hundreds of migrant labourers on Thursday gathered at the grounds in Kandivalis Mahavir Nagar in the hope to board Special Shramik trains to return home. Notably, today two out of three trains scheduled to leave from Borivali for Uttar Pradesh, were cancelled today. The police have requested the migrants to return to their shelter homes and vacate the spot as a precautionary measure to halt the spread of the virus. Notably, these special trains had the capacity of 1,200 to 1,700 passengers with maintaining social distancing norms. Under the guidelines of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), proper thermal screening of passengers has been ensured before boarding the train. During the journey, passengers are also being given free meals and packaged drinking water, the statement further said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 16:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/chandigarh/cop-s-son-who-mysteriously-died-three-years-ago-was-murdered-police/story-0qsti5yQbHVHpStoXiYDoI.html</url>
<title>Punjab cops son who mysteriously died three years ago was murdered: Police</title>
<body >Police booked three persons on Wednesday for allegedly killing a cops son three years ago. The victim, Shagandeep Singh, was the son of inspector Manjit Singh, who was posted as additional station house officer (SHO) at Nabha Kotwali. He was 27-years-old at the time of his death. Shagandeep had gone for a party with the three accused - Jagjit Singh, Dharminder Singh and an unidentified man of Nabhas Chaudhry Majra village on 14 March, 2017, but he did not return. The accused were the victims friends. The inspector received a call from a passerby who found his son lying on the roadside. He was declared brought dead at Nabha civil hospital. Inquest proceedings were initiated under Section 174 of the Code Of Criminal Procedure (CrPc) after conducting the post-mortem. The report revealed that the victim was poisoned to death. SHO Jai Inder Singh Randhawa said, The motive for murder is unclear as the accused are absconding. A case has been registered under Sections 302 (murder) and 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 22:57 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/e-funerals-become-the-new-normal-during-lockdown/story-9daynk5yTU32xxSM9PWTqJ.html</url>
<title>E-funerals become the new normal during lockdown</title>
<body > Be it any religion, the rituals of saying final goodbyes to the dead run deep in every faith. But the pandemic has robbed families of this tradition, as priests and closed ones have started relying on technology for funerals. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has also ruled out that in case of funerals, congregation of more than twenty people will not be permitted. Recently, it was reported that fashion designer Riddhima Kapoor Sahni also attended the last rites of her father actor Rishi Kapoor virtually through a video call. And actor Sanjay Suri took to twitter about how he attended his wifes grandmothers funeral through a zoom call. Indeed, lockdown has changed the way the country mourns its dead. Cyril Benedict, a bank manager in Delhi, had to watch his 88-year-old uncles funeral online recently as he was unable to go to his native city Patna due to travel restrictions. He says, Unable to see or touch a loved one in their final hours or grieve together with family is hard. However, the tech workaround made a good option and I could at least pay my last respects through a WhatsApp video call. He adds, After lockdown, we will hold a memorial and celebrate my uncles life who died of a terminal disease. Its not cremations but hearts that connects families. Similarly, 80-year-old Mahadev Ekka of Ranchi who died due to old age ailments had a quiet funeral with only six family members. His elder son Jahaan Ekka, who works in Delhi, couldnt reach his village and thus had to watch the funeral pyre on his laptop screen. Jahaan says, Showing compassion from the far end of a laptop or mobile is strange but it made me feel closer to my family. If I had been there, I would have probably not been as sane as I am now. We understand the gravity of the situation and would be there for each other, at least virtually. Read: Vienna funerals go online amid coronavirus fears Even before lockdown, when extended families couldnt join the last rites, neighbours poured in to offer their condolences. However, all they can do now is a phone call. Ours is a very close-knit colony and we celebrate each loss and happiness together  be it birth or death. But after lockdown, when a neighbour of ours passed away, we decided it wasnt safe to visit the family so resorted to offer virtual condolences. We would make up for it once things improve, says Shahid Md, a resident of Geeta Colony, Delhi. All such rituals, mass or prayers have to wait till after the lockdown, say those that perform such services. Pandit Jitender Sharma, a Hindu priest says, My whole generation has been conducting last rites and never have we seen such a time where people had to attend last rites virtually. We have seen people break down and hug each other at cremation grounds, its what brings comfort. But they cant do that now. Bahut bura lagta hai dekh kar ki aise samay mein log akele rote hai. A few days ago, Fr. Satya, a Roman Catholic priest performed the anointing rites of an elderly woman as she lay on her final hours in her home in Delhi. Her son used video call to patch in the priest who put on his cloak and did the virtual anointing and prayer. The Vatican has also waived the requirement of in person prayer and said prayers delivered over video calls would have the same spiritual effect. Its the best we can do at the moment. We havent lost the religiosity per say but just adopted a practical way to keep people safe. Follow @htcity for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 16:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/migrants-drive-the-covid-19-spiral-in-rajasthan-with-1-100-cases-in-14-days/story-biBcjbSH8vkxwrfAdXf6AJ.html</url>
<title>Migrants drive the Covid-19 spiral in Rajasthan with 1,100 cases in 14 days</title>
<body >The numbers of Covid-19 cases in Rajasthan have seen a sharp rise since the beginning of May when the migrants began arriving. In the last two weeks, more than 1,100 new cases have been recorded in the state taking the tally to 6,146. Of these, 2,574 are active cases while 3,422 patients have recovered and 150 have died. Rajasthan was showing a decline in the number of active cases and the number of new infections were also coming down but the influx of migrants has sent it spiralling upwards and put pressure on the states health infrastructure, especially in rural areas, which were so far largely untouched by the disease. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has acknowledged that preventing the spread of the virus in rural areas as migrants return will be a challenge for the government. Health minister Raghu Sharma has said the governments priority is quarantine and all those returning to the state will have to undergo 14-day compulsory quarantine. Total focus of the health department is now on strengthening quarantine facilities. The migrants have to undergo the 14-day quarantine period compulsorily so that people in the state, who have been in lockdown and kept safe, do not get infected, he said. For Coronavirus Live Updates According to the health department, the number of active cases in the state on April 21 was 1,435. On April 30, this figure went up to 1,633. On May 1, there was a drop in active cases to 1,488. It continued to decrease till May 7 when the number of cases stood at 1,439. Since then the graph of active cases has shown a continual rise. Dr Ravi Prakash Sharma, additional director, rural health, said active cases refer to those patients who have excess viral load and are infected with the virus. The rise in active cases can be attributed to the migrants who are returning home in large numbers as well as the aggressive sampling being done to identify positive cases, he said. The HT Guide to Coronavirus COVID-19 He said the increase in cases is not a matter of concern as most cases are mildly infective and will get cured by themselves and do not need hospitalisation. Nine districts with the highest migrant influx have reported the highest number of new cases. They are Barmer, Bhilwara, Churu, Dungarpur, Jalore, Pali, Rajsamand, Sikar and Sirohi. In the beginning of May, several of these districts were on the verge of becoming corona-free with a majority of patients having recovered. But since then, they have been deluged with migrants. Dungarpur has been among the hardest hit by the migrant influx. Health department data shows that the district had only two active cases on May 5. But as of May 21, it increased to 258 cases with 256 migrants testing positive. Similarly, Pali had 20 active cases on May 5 which has risen to 168 with 106 migrants testing positive. Jalore had no active cases on May 5 but now, the district has 124 cases after 120 migrants were detected with the Sars-Cov-2 virus. Sirohi, too, had no active cases on May 5 but has 72 today with 69 migrants found to be infected. Cases in Rajsamand increased from five to 42 in the same period largely due to the migrants. 44 migrants have tested positive in Barmer, taking its tally to 51 from two active cases on May 5. Churu had no active cases as all 37 patients had recovered. It now has 37 active cases after 35 migrants tested positive. Bhilwaras cases have risen from two to 39 with 45 migrants testing positive and Sikar, which had three active cases on May 5, now has 55 cases with 55 migrants testing positive. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 16:16 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/with-571-new-covid-19-cases-in-24-hours-delhi-sees-biggest-single-day-spike-tally-at-11-659/story-1nZMYJtSdcpsTkvGGJeryK.html</url>
<title>With 571 new Covid-19 cases in 24 hours, Delhi sees biggest single-day spike; tally at 11,659</title>
<body >Delhi has witnessed highest single-day spike in coronavirus cases with 571 new Covid-19 infections reported in the last 24 hours, Delhi health department said on Thursday. With this, the Covid-19 tally in the national capital jumps to 11,659. The number of coronavirus fatalities in Delhi has gone up to 194. This is the second single-day spike in Covid-19 cases reported in the national capital. On Wednesday, the health department said that 534 new cases of Covid-19 were reported in 24 hours - the highest single-day spike - while the figure was 500 for new infections on Tuesday. More than 5,500 people, 5,567 to be precise, have recovered from coronavirus in Delhi or have been discharged from hospitals. Also read: With 3 more deaths, Covid-19 fatalities rise to 150 in Rajasthan On Wednesday, the South Delhi district administration added two more areas in the list of Covid-19 containment zones. South Delhis Zamrudpur and Dakshinpuri were the new addition to the list. This came after the health department directed all district magistrates to create such zones as per the existing guidelines. The health departments direction came after a mismatch between the number of coronavirus cases in the national capital and the number of containment zones was observed, news agency PTI reported. While theCovid-19 casesin Delhi breached the 11,000-mark this week, the number of containment zones have seen a downward trend. Also read: Delhi hospital issues notice to quarantined staff for vacating hotel, dharamshala rooms On May 15, in his address on coronavirus lockdown 4.0 in the national capital, Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal said that as economic activities and public transport resume in other parts of the city, no relaxation in containment zones will be given. It may lead to an increase inCovid-19cases, he said, urging people to show discipline during the fourth phase of the lockdown. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 16:19 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/domestic-travel-flight-schedule-would-be-made-available-for-each-airline-after-dgca-draws-up-plan/story-AetR7Ulbw4B62u1x78BPEI.html</url>
<title>Domestic travel:Flight schedule would be made available for each airline after DGCA draws up plan</title>
<body >Online bookings for air tickets for domestic flights are likely to start from Thursday evening, as the government plans to resume air traffic from May 25, which was suspended since the nationwide lockdown restrictions came into effect from March 25 to contain the spread of the raging coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak A senior official from the Union Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) said on condition of anonymity that a flight schedule would be made available for each domestic carrier after the regulator, Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), draws up the plan of the routes that would be allowed to operate initially. The government plans to resume domestic travel in a phased manner from May 25 because of the pandemic. The ministry has fixed the maximum and minimum cap for airfares. For example, the lowest fare for a Delhi-Mumbai flight will be Rs3,500 and the highest at Rs10,000. And, 40% of seats on a flight have to be sold at the mid-point of this band, which works out to Rs6,700. This fare will be applicable till 11.59 pm on August 24. The ministry has capped the domestic air travel capacity, which will be applicable between May 25 and August 24. In the metro cities of Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata, flights have been allowed to operate one-third of their capacity. While in the metro to non-metro cities and vice-versa, where the weekly departures are more than 100, each flight can operate one-third of its capacity. And, for all other cities, airlines are free to operate on any route on one-third of its capacity. However, these restrictions are not applicable for UDAN flights that operate under the regional connectivity scheme. Airlines will decide on the frequency of the flights depending on the demand after the schedule is made available, said a private airline official. The MoCA has urged senior citizens and pregnant women to avoid travelling because of the viral outbreak. The ministry guidelines stipulated that passengers would have to report to an airport two hours before their flight is set to depart, and only those passengers, who have checked-in online, would be allowed to enter the airport terminal building with only one check-in bag and one hand baggage of a specified size. No passenger staying in a containment zone or who tested Covid-19 positive or have not been permitted to fly should not travel or else that person would be penalised, it added. A passenger needs to give a self-declaration by using the Aarogya Setu mobile application to show that h/she doesnt have any Covid-19 symptoms. Passengers with red status in the app wont be permitted to travel. Passengers must compulsorily wear face masks and airline crew members have been instructed to use personal protective equipment (PPE) kit. Airlines will not be allowed to serve meals on flights, newspapers, and magazines are also barred. The ministry has asked air passengers to wear face masks throughout their journey and carry minimum baggage, as few trolleys will be available. Passengers have been asked to complete the check-in and baggage drop process at least an hour prior to their flight departs. A passenger, who doesnt have Aarogya Setu application on his mobile phone, will be guided to a dedicated counter at the airport to download the app. Then, the passenger has to go to the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) counter at the security checkpoint. The SOP for an air passenger states that after entering the terminal, the flier will have to download the baggage tag/baggage identification number, print it, and affix it on the bag at a prominent place. In case the passenger is not able to print the baggage tag, then he/she should mention the PNR number and his/her name on a thick piece of paper and affix it/tag it with a strong string, the SOP added. All biohazards will have to be disposed of in yellow bins at airports and social distancing norms must be strictly followed in the food and beverage (FB) and retail sections. Hand sanitisers will be made available at all prominent places at airports. Passengers will have to wait in the baggage hold area until their baggage arrives in batches. Transit passengers will be allowed only in the transit hold area. The ministry has directed airlines to inform the passengers that only web check-in is allowed. All passengers body temperatures will be measured at airports during entry and before boarding a flight. Crew members also need to undergo frequent and random health check-ups. An aircraft has to be vigorously disinfected after every flight, it added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 16:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bengaluru/migrant-worker-from-mp-collapses-and-dies-before-boarding-train-in-karnataka/story-YQ2e06mch7t6H52Rv5SmsK.html</url>
<title>Migrant worker from MP collapses and dies before boarding train in Karnataka</title>
<body >Tragedy struck an elderly migrant worker who was looking forward to joining his family as he died on reaching a nearby railway station to board a Shramik Special train to his home state Madhya Pradesh, police said on Thursday. Click here for full Covid-19 coverage The 69-year old man, who worked in a coffee estate in Chikkamagaluru, collapsed and died soon after getting down from a state-run KSRTC bus that brought him and others to the Chikkabanavara Railway station on Wednesday. According to police, fellow labourers said he had been ailing for quite some time. The cause of his death would be known only after a post-mortem, police added. Karnataka government has been sending back thousands of migrant workers stranded in the state due to the Covid-19 lockdown by arranging the special trains. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 16:11 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/videos/india-news/if-the-situation-demands-iaf-chief-warns-pakistan-backed-terrorists/video-yyizYYbfuPnwbtUEzLbW6N.html</url>
<title>If the situationdemands..: IAF Chief warns Pakistan backed terrorists</title>
<body >Indian Air Force Chief RKS Bhadauria has lashed out at Pakistan backed terror groups who are trying to disturb peace in the valley. He said that the forces are monitoring the situation across the border and added that if the situation demanded, they are not averse to acting against the terror launchpads across the border. Watch the full video for all the details. </body>
<date ></date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/regional-movies/rana-daggubati-miheeka-bajaj-get-engaged-see-pics-from-private-ceremony/story-ceu6ElrPMIra0yu7qTmNPK.html</url>
<title>Rana Daggubati, Miheeka Bajaj get engaged, see pics from private ceremony</title>
<body >Actor Rana Daggubati on Thursday shared pictures from a private ceremony confirming his engagement to Miheeka Bajaj. A week after he made his relationship official, Rana and Miheeka have got engaged in a private ceremony. The actor tweeted pictures and captioned it: Its official. Last week, out of the blue, Rana confirmed his relationship with Miheeka Bajaj. Sharing a picture on his Twitter page, he wrote she said yes to his proposal. He had captioned his tweet: And she said yes (sic). He shared picture along with his tweet. A number of celebrities had congratulated the star on the occasion. And its official!!  pic.twitter.com/0J3jBeEaep Rana Daggubati (@RanaDaggubati) May 21, 2020 And its official!!  pic.twitter.com/0J3jBeEaep Actor Samantha Akkineni had commented: Dead... died while Anil Kapoor wrote: Congratulations my Hyderabad son. I am so happy. The best thing to happen to both of you. Tamannaah Bhatia and Kiara Advani shared congratulations while Sushanth A commented: Wow! Congratulations brother! Kriti Kharbanda too had written: So so so happy for you Rana! Congratulations. Miheeka Bajaj is a designer by profession. She recently founded Dew Drop Design Studio  an event company that weaves dreams into reality. Ranas father D Suresh Babu has confirmed the wedding will take place in December. Talking to Times of India, Suresh Babu opened up about Ranas wedding. He said: During these grim times, we finally have a reason to celebrate. The entire family is happy. The kids have known each other for a long time now and were all very happy for them. He hinted that the wedding will take place this year. The wedding will happen this year. We were thinking of having it around December but it could happen even sooner than that too. We will reveal the details once things are finalised. One things for sure, the kids have given us a nice way to enhance our lockdown productivity. Well now be busy planning a wedding, he added. Also read: Surbhi Chandna says she was almost replaced in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah On the career front, Rana has two projects ready for release. His immediate release will be forest-based thriller Haathi Mere Saathi, which will be released in Tamil and Telugu as Kaadan and Aaranya, respectively. In Prabhu Solomon-directed Haathi Mere Saathi, Rana plays a character inspired from environmental activist Jadav Payeng, popularly called the Forest Man of India. Haathi Mere Saathi, which also stars Vishnu Vishal, Pulkit Samrat and Shriya Piglanokar, was supposed to release on April 2 in three languages. Its release stands cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. (With IANSinputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 12:20 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/delhi-hospital-issues-notice-to-quarantined-staff-for-vacating-hotel-dharamshala-rooms/story-oabm3Q12gzDzqfzw0IFAyI.html</url>
<title>Delhi hospital issues notice to quarantined staff for vacating hotel, dharamshala rooms</title>
<body >Delhis Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan Hospital (LNJP) Hospital has issued a notice to all its quarantined staff to vacate the hotel or dharamshala rooms arranged by the hospital authorities by 12 pm on Thursday. The order cites the guidelines of the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The order issued by LNJPs medical director Suresh Kumar states that the hospital will not spend money after May 21 and the guest will have to bear the expenses himself or herself. The Delhi government had earlier decided that the doctor, nurses or paramedical staff engaged in the treatment of coronavirus patients will work continuously for 14 days, after which they will get 14 days rest. A 14-day rest meant that they should be quarantined so that even if there is any kind of infection, their family will not be harmed. It was also decided that the LNJP Hospital would make arrangements for all such people to stay in the hotels or dharamshala or any other place. The hospital was to bear all the expenses. But now, citing the guidelines of the Union Health Ministry, the hospital order stated that the medical staff should vacate the hotel or dharamshala rooms. However opposing this move, the Resident Doctors Association has written a letter to Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan stating, The coronavirus can show its effect by two to 14 days. Non-symptomatic healthcare workers have been found to be coronavirus positive in many cases even after wearing PPE kits. After duty, the staff should be quarantined and they should be tested for Covid-19 even if they do not show any symptom or wear PPE kits... It is important. Removing this system will increase the risk of the virus spreading to doctors, their families, patients and the community. Therefore, amend the recently released guidelines and give relief to the corona warriors of the country, the letter further read. According to the Centres new guidelines for the healthcare workers issued on May 15, only healthcare workers with high-risk contacts will be in quarantine who have handled coronavirus patients without proper PPE or who have symptoms. Based on the guidelines of the central government, Delhi Health Secretary Padmini Singla also issued orders. After the order of Health Secretary, the Medical Director of LNJP Hospital has also issued orders in this regard. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 13:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/had-told-virat-kohli-to-get-him-into-team-parthiv-patel-names-the-player-he-wanted-at-rcb/story-azFIsjkRdT0eB5J7danQFM.html</url>
<title>Told Virat Kohli to get him in the team:Parthiv Patel names the player he wanted at RCB</title>
<body >India pacer Jasprit Bumrah is regarded as one of the best bowlers in the world at the moment, across all three formats. The right-arm seamer made a name for himself playing for Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League.He has been with the franchise since 2013, and in 77 matches so far, he has taken 82 wickets at an economy of 7.55 in IPL. His international numbers only adds to his dominance with the ball in the past few years. But in a different universe, Bumrah could have been playing for RoyalChallengers Bangalore. India wicketkeeper Parthiv Patel, in an interview revealed that he had spoken to RCB skipper Virat Kohli regarding buying the seamer at the auctions. Speaking on Fan Codes latest episode of LockDownButNotOut, Parthiv was questioned on the India pacer. Also read:On this day: Saeed Anwars record 194 shadows Rahul Dravids maiden ODI ton In his response, the left-handed batsman said:I remember his debut game against Vidarbha. I know I have spoken to John Wright, Ive spoke to Rahul Sanghvi also, I had spoken to Virat before he was picked for Mumbai Indians. I was in RCB and I told Virat that this is the guy, we should be picking him, he said. But obviously, Mumbai Indians outwitted RCB and he went to MI. I had spoken to John Wright that this guy could be something special, he added. Bumrah is currently placed at no. 2 in the current ICC ODI bowling rankings, and at no. 7 position in the Test bowling rankings. He has played 14 Tests in which he picked up 68 wickets at an average of 20.3. He has played 64 ODIs in which he has picked 104 wickets at an average of 24.4. Bumrah has also played 50 T20Is for the Indian cricket team, in which he has picked 59 wickets at an average of 26.6. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 14:37 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/pakistan-conducts-highest-number-of-covid-tests-in-one-day-as-cases-cross-48k-mark/story-nAtMnh8lWiLtejSyQN286N.html</url>
<title>Pakistan conducts highest number of Covid tests in one day as cases cross 48k-mark</title>
<body >Pakistan conducted the highest number of tests per day during the last 24 hours as the coronavirus cases crossed 48,000-mark on Thursday, the health ministry said. Pakistan recorded 2,193 new cases, taking the total number of infections to 48,091. The death toll stands at 1,017 with 32 new fatalities. As many as 15,346 coronavirus tests, the highest in a single day, were conducted in the last 24 hours, health officials said. The authorities have conducted 429,600 tests so far. Sindh reported the maximum number of 18,964 cases, followed by 17,382 in Punjab, 6,815 in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, 2,968 in Balochistan, 1,235 in Islamabad, 579 in Gilgit-Baltistan and 148 in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. As many as 14,155 patients have recovered so far, the officials said. The number of daily testing increased after Planning Minister Asad Umar on Tuesday said that 30,000 tests per day would be sufficient for Pakistan to control the spread of the deadly virus. Pakistan is in a position to conduct over 25,000 tests per day, he said, expressing hope that by May-end or early June the country would be able to conduct 30,000 tests per day. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 13:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/bombay-hc-discharges-pwd-engineer-booked-in-irrigation-scam-related-case/story-gWRPYdtICfApQAeYpEoTTP.html</url>
<title>Bombay HC discharges PWD engineer booked in irrigation scam-related case</title>
<body >The Bombay high court (HC) on Tuesday discharged Anilkumar Gaikwad, the then executive engineer of the Presidency division of the public works department (PWD), from a case related to an irrigation scam in Maharashtras Konkan region. The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) had booked Gaikwad along with the partners of FA Enterprises, Fateh Mohammed Khatri, and his sons Nisar, Jaitun, Aabid, and Jahid, on September 23, 2015, on charges of graft. The ACB accused Gaikwad of corruption, as he had awarded new contracts to FA Contractors, who had already bagged six orders and were not eligible for more work. The ACB alleged that under Gaikwads watch FA Contractors promoters floated a new company, FA Enterprises, purportedly claiming that it was formed by the directors, who had resigned from the parent firm. Gaikwad was accused of overlooking the rules and forwarding a proposal for registration of FA Enterprises as a Class-1A contractor with the government. He allegedly forwarded the proposals without conducting proper scrutiny of documents submitted by the contractor. Gaikwad moved HC after the special ACB court rejected his discharge plea on March 15, 2019. Justice AM Badar, however, overruled the special court order on the ground of lack of evidence against Gaikwad. The judge also took into consideration a government resolution (GR) issued by the PWD authorities on November 28, 2018, that exempted all their employees from penal consequences arising out of the scrutiny of documents submitted by contractors. The judge noted that the GR stated that PWD employees or officers who may be entrusted with the work of scrutiny of documents submitted by contractors to the department shall not be held responsible for penal consequences in respect of scrutiny of such documents, if those turn out to be false and fabricated. As this GR has the retrospective effect, the continuation of prosecution against the applicant (Gaikwad), which is an allegation that he has not ascertained veracity and truthfulness of the documents submitted by the FA Enterprises, would certainly amount to an abuse of the process of the court, said justice Badar. The judge noted that there was hardly any evidence against the PWD engineer. Perusal of the entire charge-sheet does not reveal iota of evidence for even prima facie demonstration of an offence of criminal misconduct on the part of the applicant, said the court. It noted that the entire file relating to the registration and certification of FA Enterprises as a Class-1A government contractor has gone missing. No original document is available to shed light on the registration of FA Enterprises as a Class-1A government contractor, it added. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 13:32 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/delhi-violence-court-sends-jamia-student-to-7-day-police-custody/story-6DZldbFPAWUgVVtICKsunK.html</url>
<title>Delhi violence: Court sends Jamia student to 7-day police custody</title>
<body >A Delhi court Wednesday sent Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI) university student Asif Iqbal Tanha to 7-day police custody in a case related to communal violence in northeast Delhi during protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act in February. Additional Sessions Judge Ajay Kumar Jain sent him to the custody till May 27 after the police said it required his remand to unearth the entire conspiracy with respect to the communal violence in Delhi and to confront him with the electronic data collected during investigation. Tanha, a third-year student of BA in Persian language, was earlier arrested in connection with the violence in the Jamia area during a protest against the CAA in December last year. He was sent to judicial custody on till May 31 in the case. The police had said that Tanha, a resident of Abul Fazal Enclave in Shaheen Bagh, was a member of the Students Islamic Organization and was part of the Jamia Coordination Committee which spearheaded protests against the new citizenship law. Asif is a key member of the Jamia Coordination Committee and played an active role in organising protests and riots in Jamia in December 2019. He is a close associate of Umar Khalid, Sharjeel Imam, Meeran Haider and Safoora Zargar who had been key organisers of anti-CAA protests and subsequent riots, police had said. On December 15 last year, protesters had turned violent, torching four public buses and two police vehicles and pelting stones at the police and civilians, near JMI. At least 40 people including students, policemen and fire fighters were injured in the incident. Communal clashes had broken out in northeast Delhi on February 24 after violence between citizenship law supporters and protesters spiralled out of control leaving at least 53 people dead and around 200 injured. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 13:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/woman-claims-her-covid-19-positive-husband-is-missing-hospital-says-man-cremated/story-IuZ18u1ytva4bE8Zn84oRM.html</url>
<title>Woman claims her Covid-19 positive husband is missing, hospital says man cremated</title>
<body >A woman in Hyderabad, who was discharged along with her two daughters from Gandhi Hospital on May 16 after undergoing treatment for Covid-19, claimed that her 42-year old husband, also a Covid-19 patient, was missing. The hospital authorities, however, declared that the man died on May 1 and was cremated the following day by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) authorities after duly informing his family members. The woman, Alampally Madhavi from Vanasthalipuram colony, posting on Twitter that her husband A Madhusudhan (42), a rice mill worker, had not come home along with them when they were discharged on May 16. She tagged Telangana Information Technology minister KT Rama Rao in her tweet. Madhavi complained to the minister that her husband was admitted to King Kothi Hospital on April 27 and later taken to Gandhi Hospital on April 30. Madhavi futher claimed that the hospital authorities had not taken her permission to complete the process and hadnt even shown the body identification. They had not shown any evidences like cremation video, photos or his belongings to her. On May 16, when we were discharged, we questioned the hospital authorities about my husband, but they did not give proper reply. They first said he was still on ventilator but later said he was not alive. We request you to help in probing my husbands missing case, she said. Gandhi Hospital superintendent Dr M Raja Rao issued a statement stating that the womans husband, who was also suffering from bilateral pneumonia with acute respiratory distress syndrome, had succumbed to Covid-19 on May 1 evening, a day after he was admitted to the hospital. As per the procedure, the family members were informed and following the protocol, the dead body was handed over to police and their acknowledgement was taken. On enquiry, it was known that the body was cremated by the GHMC. All due procedures were followed, he said. While sympathising with Madhavis family, Rao said it was wrong to defame the hospital and doctors and other staff who were treating hundreds of Covid-19 patients risking their lives. Madhavi told reporters that she strongly believes her husband was alive. She disputes the claim of Gandhi Hospital superintendent that the family was informed about the tragedy. Let them show evidence to whom they had informed and from whom they had obtained consent or no objection letter, she asked. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 13:15 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/delhi-news/all-benches-of-delhi-hc-to-take-up-urgent-matters-via-video-conferencing-from-friday/story-eNlD201r49Xuzo4HXc5veI.html</url>
<title>All benches of Delhi HC to take up urgent matters via video conferencing from Friday</title>
<body >The Delhi High Court has decided that from Friday all its judges will sit everyday to take up urgent matters of all kinds via video conferencing. The step follows the high court and the lower courts together having taken up 20,726 urgent matters during the Covid-19 related lockdown from March 24 to May 19  As per the latest initiative taken by Chief Justice D N Patel and other Judges of the High Court of Delhi, now, w.e.f. May 22, 2020, all the division benches and all the single-judge benches shall take up urgent matters of all kinds, through video conferencing, during the suspended functioning of the Court. All such benches would sit daily on all the working days, said a note, issued by the office of high court Registrar General Manoj Jain. Till now, urgent matters were being taken up by two division benches and ten single-judge benches, but the judges of these benches were sitting on rotation basis. There are presently seven division benches and 19 single-judge benches in the high court. The note further said that the roster benches would also take up the matters which are at the stage of final arguments and in which consent has been received from both the sides agreeing for disposal of case on the basis of written submissions alone.   It also said that the existing procedure of mentioning of urgent matters, via weblink before joint registrar concerned, would continue to be in force till further orders. Non-urgent matters shall be taken up by the roster benches on resumption of regular hearings and as per the order of Chief Justice, it also said. The seven division benches and 19 single-judge benches are also referred to as roster benches as each of them deal with cases based on specific categories (or roster) decided by the Chief Justice. </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 13:09 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aaliya-s-lawyer-says-nawazuddin-siddiqui-has-still-not-replied-to-divorce-notice-depending-on-situation-we-will-take-action/story-O6bfv8mBSJSkGrjLDrUY6K.html</url>
<title>Aaliyas lawyer says Nawazuddin Siddiqui has still not replied to divorce notice: Depending on situation, we will take action</title>
<body >Aaliya Siddiqui aka Anjana Kishor Pandey is still waiting for a response from husband Nawazuddin Siddiqui, after she sent him a legal notice seeking maintenance and divorce earlier this month. The notice was sent on May 7 through email as well as WhatsApp. Speaking to Hindustan Times, Aaliyas lawyer Abhay Sahai confirmed that they are yet to receive a response from Nawazuddin. When asked about the next steps they will take if they do not get a reply soon, he said, This is a very difficult time right now, because of the coronavirus. All the inter-state borders are also closed and it is very difficult to travel. Lets see how we take it forward. We will have to see the situation because the situation throughout the country is very difficult. Depending on whatever the situation calls for, we will take action appropriately, he added. Nawazuddin and Aaliya, who got married in 2009, have two children --daughter Shora and son Yaani. Aaliya has sought sole custody of the children. In earlier interviews, Aaliya has said that the cracks in her marriage with Nawazuddin started appearing after just a year, but she tried her best to make it work. She ruled out a reconciliation, saying that there are serious problems between them. Also read | Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya claims his brother hit her: His family has mentally and physically tortured me a lot Meanwhile, Nawazuddin is currently in his hometown Budhana in Uttar Pradesh. He recently travelled there to be with his 71-year-old mother, who has not been keeping well, and is under a mandatory two-week home quarantine. Sharing the news on Twitter, he wrote, Due to the recent loss of my younger sister, my mother, who is 71 years old, got anxiety attack twice. We have followed all the guidelines given by the State Government. We are #HomeQuarantined at our hometown Budhana. Please #StaySafe #StayHome. Nawazuddin, who is waiting for the release of Zee5 original film Ghoomketu this Friday, has maintained a low profile since the news of Aaliya seeking divorce broke. He joined the team for a virtual trailer launch on Tuesday but only spoke about the film and life in lockdown. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 20, 2020 21:45 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/nawazuddin-siddiqui-s-wife-aaliya-joins-twitter-amid-divorce-dispute-says-she-won-t-be-silenced-by-misuse-and-abuse-of-power/story-QSpsXwL5mgQfQEAjScB5TL.html</url>
<title>Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya joins Twitter amid divorce dispute, says she wont be silenced by misuse and abuse of power</title>
<body >Actor Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife, Aaliya, has joined Twitter amid their bitter divorce dispute, to ensure that there is no miscommunication. It was reported earlier this week that Aaliya had served Nawaz divorce papers after a decade of marriage. In a series of tweets, Aaliya wrote that false news reports were circulating about her, and said that she will not be silenced by misuse and abuse of power. Aaliya had claimed that Nawazs family had subjected her to physical and emotional abuse during their marriage. Also read: Man linked to Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya refutes rumours of their affair: report Aaliya claimed in an interview with BollywoodLife that Nawazuddins family has a history of mistreating their women. He (Nawaz) had never raised his hands on me, but the shouting and arguments had become unbearable. You could say though that only that was left. Yes, but his family has mentally and physically tortured me a lot. His brother had even hit me. His mother and brothers and sisters-in-law used to stay with us only in Mumbai. So, Ive been bearing a lot for too many years. His first wife had also left him for this reason alone, she said. AlsoWatch|Nawazuddin Siddiqui on romance, favorite actor | AUR BATAO  In her tweets, Aaliya wrote, This is Aliya Siddiqui. I am forced to put the truth concerning me on Twitter so that there is no miscommunication. Let the truth not be silenced by misuse and abuse of power. Truth cannot be bought or be manipulated with. She added, I am now learning to stand up  speak for myself, be strong, for the sake of my children. I have not done any wrong till date  therefore I am not worried. However I do not appreciate anyone harming my reputation or character to save someone else. Money cant buy truth. Also read: Nawazuddin Siddiquis wife Aaliya claims his brother hit her: His family has mentally and physically tortured me a lot Clearing rumours of her being involved with another man, Aaliya wrote, To begin with let me clarify that I am not into ANY RELATIONSHIP with any MAN; and any media report which make such claims, are absolutely false. It appears that some section of the media have manipulated with my photograph to make such ridiculous claims to divert attention. It was reported recently that Aaliya was seeing a mediaperson named Peeyush Pandey, which he denied in an interview. Aaliya and Nawaz have two children together. The actor is currently self-quarantining in his hometown of Budhana, in Uttar Pradesh, and hasnt commented on the matter yet. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 21, 2020 18:39 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aaliya-siddiqui-on-affair-rumours-some-people-only-know-how-to-cheat-malign-others-they-don-t-want-the-truth-to-be-out/story-XoXf2SQCF2wGCdznfP8bgO.html</url>
<title>Aaliya Siddiqui slams affair rumours, says Some people only know how to cheat, malign others, they dont want the truth to be out</title>
<body >The divorce dispute between actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui and his wife Aaliya aka Anjana Kishor Pandey took a new turn as rumours of her alleged affair with media personnel Peeyush Pandeys surfaced. After Peeyush rubbished the reports, Aaliya joined Twitter to put the truth out so that there is no miscommunication. Let the truth not be silenced by misuse and abuse of power. Truth cannot be bought or be manipulated with, wrote Aaliya, adding,  I am not into any relationship with any man, and that her photograph was manipulated with to make such ridiculous claims to divert attention. Talking about it to us, Aaliya says, Some people only know how to cheat and malign others. They dont want the truth to be out. Everyone knows about Nawazs affairs and how he had cheated too. Even Niharika Singh (who was in a relationship with Nawazuddin) said she was unaware of his marriage. He revealed many things in his book. Im surprised that someone can get down to this level. This is Aliya Siddiqui. I am forced to put the truth concerning me on Twitter so that there is no miscommunication. Let the truth not be silenced by misuse and abuse of power. Truth cannot be bought or be manipulated with. AaliyaSiddiqui2020 (@ASiddiqui2020) May 20, 2020 This is Aliya Siddiqui. I am forced to put the truth concerning me on Twitter so that there is no miscommunication. Let the truth not be silenced by misuse and abuse of power. Truth cannot be bought or be manipulated with. Expressing surprise at how a photograph from a party has been cropped and circulated by saying Im having an affair, the 37-year-old reveals the picture doing the rounds is in fact from a party for Sai Kabirs Holy Cow, a project that she bankrolled, and several people clicked photographs there. If you check photos I tweeted, you would know, she adds. As for Nawazuddin, Aaliya shares that they have had so many fights and disagreements in their 16-year-old relationship -- which started with dating in 2004 and marrying in 2009 -- that she had to take a stand for herself and their children -- Shora (9) and Yaani (5). He doesnt care much about his children, and hasnt met them in the last few months. He would refuse to come for simple things like attending school meeting and events where his children wanted him. He doesnt want to take responsibility for the children, and so I have asked for their sole custody, she says. Recounting the early days together, Aaliya shares, We started our life in a small one-room set-up in Ekta Nagar, Mumbai. We were living in then. He would be rude and careless, but I thought his struggles were making him bitter and we were in love. But after he earned fame, it became worse. He would misbehave with my friends and family members too. She says that later, their kids would get scared seeing them fight and would tell him, Papa, aap mummy se aise baat maat karo. Aaliya alleges that Nawazuddins brother Ayazuddin had hit her once, and she went through mental torture by Shamas. When we were going through all this, his family members made it worse, says Aaliya. But she stayed strong, something she learnt to be in her growing up years with her siblings after their parents died early. Maybe thats why I could be with Nawaz for 16 years, while his first wife couldnt take it more than five months. He would insult me at every step, and I was losing my self-respect, she says, adding that when she told him about the divorce, he replied saying, Jo karna hai karo. But she is yet to hear from Nawazuddin on the divorce notice she sent to him on May 7. </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 23:28 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/tenet-trailer-christopher-nolan-s-time-warping-thriller-promises-it-is-coming-to-theatres-fans-say-to-die-for/story-WNx9xwmFx60ABTMpjRoBcN.html</url>
<title>Tenet trailer: Christopher Nolans time warping thriller promises it is coming to theatres, fans say to die for</title>
<body >Set in the world of international espionage, Christopher Nolans Tenet has dropped a new trailer and the diehard fans now know a little more about what, if not when. John David Washingtons character is up against Kenneth Branaghs Bond villain-like character. At stake is the survival itself as Clmence Posys scientist claims Washington needs to avert World War 3, but there is something worse in the wind than just nuclear warheads. The concept of time inversion is introduced through words and visuals, making it clear that the film is not about time travel as assumed earlier. Youre not shooting the bullet. Youre catching it, Poesy does the explaining again. Watch new Tenet trailer here Teased with the films title, Tenet -- a palindrome, time can move both backward and forward in this new reality. Tenet also works as a password of sorts that can open doors and also get you killed. Robert Pattinson joins Washington in his adventure as they take a trippy journey, which also involves colliding airplanes but not in the air because that is ludicrous. With some awe-inspiring action sequences both in the air and water, the new trailer is all that the eager moviegoers were waiting for. We also get to see Bollywood actor Dimple Kapadia who drops information about how relevant Tenet is: There are people in the future who need us, who need Tenet. Tenet, which has also been shot in India, has been described as an action epic evolving from the world of international espionage. And Pattinson described shooting the film as insane. He said, In each country theres, like, an enormous set-piece scene, which is like the climax of a normal movie. In every single country, he said, adding that theres actually no time travelling in the film. Also read: Ranbir Kapoor is Alia Bhatts lockdown hair stylist, confirms Karan Johar as he says she is in a happy place And now about when we will see this film in the times of social distancing. It seems Nolan and Warner Bros may still be looking at the July 17 release, conditions permitting, the world is still unsure of how the dice will roll on that one. The trailer simply ends with a coming to theatres without committing to a date. Bold of Nolan to announce not a release date, but that Tenet is coming to theaters. A movie to die for! https://t.co/q1aPYygF24 Samantha BB from home (@KitsuneCloset) May 22, 2020 Bold of Nolan to announce not a release date, but that Tenet is coming to theaters. A movie to die for! https://t.co/q1aPYygF24 Tenet: COMING TO THEATERSCovid-19: pic.twitter.com/7BMHWwAR0D PLAY LOTTO HERE (@MOOTZAADELL) May 22, 2020 Tenet: COMING TO THEATERSCovid-19: pic.twitter.com/7BMHWwAR0D I SAW COMING TO THEATERS AND I GOT A HUGE RUSH OF EXCITEMENT  I MISS THE MOVIES Bonita Applebum  (@atribecalledval) May 22, 2020 I SAW COMING TO THEATERS AND I GOT A HUGE RUSH OF EXCITEMENT  I MISS THE MOVIES Written and directed by Nolan, the film stars Pattinson, Washington, Posy, Branagh, and Kapadia along with Elizabeth Debicki, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Michael Caine, and Denzil Smith. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 13:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/aei-what-is-tenet-confused-amitabh-bachchan-needed-sujoy-ghosh-to-tell-him-about-christopher-nolan-s-new-film/story-K3910qENG6kq4iTRT3eGzJ.html</url>
<title>Aei what is Tenet: Confused Amitabh Bachchan needed Sujoy Ghosh to tell him about Christopher Nolans new film</title>
<body >Actor Amitabh Bachchan is just as confused about Christopher Nolans new film, Tenet, as the rest of the world, but his confusion goes a step further. The actor apparently had no idea about the movie, and needed Sujoy Ghoshs help to explain it to him. After Ghosh tweeted about the film on Friday, after the release of its new trailer, Amitabh enquired, Aie what is Tenet? Ghosh, who has directed Amitabh in films such as Aladin and Badla, replied, Films we are eagerly waiting for... but not being shown before official release. The conversation then moved on to Amitabhs upcoming film, Gulabo Sitabo. aie what is 'tenet' ?? Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) May 22, 2020 aie what is 'tenet' ?? Tenet is the new sci-fi film from Christopher Nolan, director of The Dark Knight trilogy, Inception and Dunkirk. It was partially shot in Mumbai, and stars John David Washington, Robert Pattinson and Dimple Kapadia. The film was slated for a July release, which looks unlikely as the ongoing coronavirus pandemic forced theatres across the globe to shut down. The trailer did, however, clarify that the film would indeed be released on the big screen, and not on streaming. Also read: Amitabh Bachchans fans think grandson Agastya looks like Carry Minati, but he doesnt know who that is Amitabh has been posting regularly on social media during the lockdown. He has shared selfies, public service announcements, and personal anecdotes during this time. On Thursday, Amitabh had shared a black-and-white picture of himself and his grandson Agastya at their home gym in Mumbai. Sharing the picture on Instagram, Amitabh wrote, Fight .. fight the fit .. fit the fight .. reflective mirrors , laterally inverted imagery .. and the inspiration with Grandson .. Yeh baju mein Carry khada hai kya sir (Is that Carry standing next to you sir)? one fan asked in the comments section, referring to YouTuber Carry Minati. To this, Amitabh replied, baju mein mera pota, mera grandson khada hai. Ye carry kya hota hai. (My grandson is standing next to me. What is this Carry)?, and had to be explained who the YouTuber is. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 12:54 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/anil-kapoor-says-he-auditioned-for-christopher-nolan-s-inception-did-not-materialise-but-i-did-get-his-autograph/story-ij1rPXizaRxqYP3JnBBY5I.html</url>
<title>Anil Kapoor says he auditioned for Christopher Nolans Inception: Did not materialise but I did get his autograph</title>
<body >Much like all movie fans around the world, Anil Kapoor is also super excited for Christopher Nolans upcoming film, Tenet. The film will arrive in July and might just be the biggest lure for audiences around the world, bringing them back to theatres and multiplexes after months of lockdown. Sharing the films recently released second trailer, Anil tweeted about how he met Christopher once for a part in his superhit film Inception. Remember meeting Christopher Nolan for a part in Inception which did not materialise for me at the time but I did get his autograph on a Batman DVD cover for @HarshKapoor_! The @TENETFilm trailer is amazing  I know it will bring the audiences back in the theatres to watch it, he wrote. Remember meeting Christopher Nolan for a part in Inception which did not materialise for me at the time but I did get his autograph on a Batman DVD cover for @HarshKapoor_! The @TENETFilm trailer is amazing  I know it will bring the audiences back in the theatres to watch it! https://t.co/B8dWpCCZfs Anil Kapoor (@AnilKapoor) May 22, 2020 Remember meeting Christopher Nolan for a part in Inception which did not materialise for me at the time but I did get his autograph on a Batman DVD cover for @HarshKapoor_! The @TENETFilm trailer is amazing  I know it will bring the audiences back in the theatres to watch it! https://t.co/B8dWpCCZfs Inception starred Leonardo DiCaprio in the lead with Tom Hardy, Joseph Gordon Lewitt, Cillian Murphy and EllenPage. The film was about a group of people who would enter peoples dreams to subconsciously manipulate their decisions. Also read: Ranbir Kapoor is Alia Bhatts lockdown hair stylist, confirms Karan Johar as he says she is in a happy place Tenet also stars Dimple Kapadia. Nolan and his team shot for the film in Mumbai last year. At a time when most filmmakers are opting to release their films direct-to-OTT, Christopher has clearly asserted that his highly-anticipated spy thriller will only release on the big screen. The confirmation comes at the end of the films just-released second trailer. The trailer ends with a note: Coming to theatres, although without committing to a date. However, the official Twitter account of the film still lists its original planned date -- July 17 -- as the day of release. The new trailer of the action thriller gives a glimpse into the mission that the protagonist secret agents, essayed by Robert Pattinson and John David Washington, embark on, in a time-bending mission to prevent World War III. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: May 22, 2020 20:35 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/4-indians-but-no-virat-kohli-in-brad-hogg-s-current-world-test-xi/story-aZuAOH8DadL5RNa9PWpZNJ.html</url>
<title>4 Indians but no Virat Kohli in Brad Hoggs current World Test XI</title>
<body >India captain Virat Kohli would probably walk into a world XI in any format of the game if picked with current players, right? Wrong, certainly not if the selector is Brad Hogg. The former Australia left-arm wrist spinner left out Kohli from his current Test XI despite picking four cricketers  the joint-most with Australia  from India. Virat Kohli, who had the worst series of his career in New Zealand earlier this year was left out of Hoggs side based on current form. Everyone will ask why is Virat Kohli not in this team? he said. But if you look at his last 15 Test innings, only four times he has gone over 31 [runs]. Thats why Virat Kohli is not my Test team this year, said Hogg. The left-arm wrist-spinner picked Indias Mayank Agarwal and Rohit Sharma as the openers of his side. Love the way he (Mayank) pays those cover drives and pull shots off his front foot. He has been very consistent, said Hogg. Rohit Sharmas a bit lucky to find a place in this XI. Hes averaged over 90 but has played Test cricket only in India. But I love the way that hes so relaxed, just pushes the ball through the off side and also works the ball off his legs said Hogg. Hogg, who was played 7 Tests, 123 One-Day Internationals (ODIs) and 15 Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) for Australia while picking up 17 wickets, 156 wickets and 7 wickets respectively, went in with Australias Marnus Labuschagne and Steve Smith as his No.3 and No.4 batsmen.  Hogg picked Pakistans Babar Azam as his No.5. Hes made four hundreds but the reason why I have included Babar Azam in the lineup is because he scored a hundred against Australia in Brisbane, when Pakistan toured Australia last year, said Hogg. Its very hard for overseas teams to perform on that particular wicket but he showed that he could and that is why he is one of the best players going around, He added. Ajinkya Rahane was picked as the No.6 batsman in Hoggs side as the former Australian cricketer decided against keeping a specialist all-rounder. Hogg picked South Africas Quinton de Kock as the wicket-keeper and captain of his side as Steve Smith hadnt led Australia in the last year. Hogg went with three seamers in his side. He picked Australias Pat Cummins, Indias Mohammed Shami and New Zealands Neil Wagner. Australias Nathan Lyon was the lone spinner in his side. Hogg also named six cricketers who narrowly missed his team and they were New Zealand opener Tom Latham, Englands Rory Burns, Australias David Warner and fast bowlers Ishant Sharma and Stuart Broad. Ben Stokes wasnt picked because of poor batting average. Brad Hoggs current Test XI Mayank Agarwal, Rohit Sharma, Marnus Labuschagne, Steve Smith, Babar Azam, Ajinkya Rahane, Quinton De Kock (c/wk), Pat Cummins, Mohammad Sham, Neil Wagner, Nathon Lyon. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 15:23 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/was-having-sandwich-when-dhoni-said-pad-up-suresh-raina-on-strategy-that-changed-2015-world-cup-match-against-pakistan/story-fwnYBLM8KxGGsu2ALHvI0L.html</url>
<title>Was having sandwich when Dhoni said pad-up: Suresh Raina on strategy that changed 2015 World Cup match against Pakistan</title>
<body >Among many India vs Pakistan matches in ODI World Cups  7 to be exact  people wont blame you if you failed to recall much about the contest between the two sides in the 2015 World Cup apart from a masterful hundred by Virat Kohli. India won that group stage match comfortably by 76 runs and there was hardly any contest worth remembering. But there was a superb innings from Suresh Raina, which somehow went unnoticed due to Kohlis 107. Recalling that innings after five years, Raina said half the credit for that knock goes to then captain MS Dhoni as he had decided to promote him to bat at No.4 for that match. Ajinkya Rahane was Indias designated No.4 in the World Cup, while Raina was largely batting at No.5. But not in the match against Pakistan. Raina revealed that it was Dhoni who suddenly walked up to him when Kohli and Dhawan were batting without any discomfort in the middle and asked him to pad-up. Also Read | Told Waqar I wont be dismissed by Kumble: Akram on how his plan failed I never questioned his decisions. I remember I was having a sandwich or something during our match against Pakistan in World Cup 2015. Suddenly after 20 overs, he said pad-up. I padded up. Virat was batting really well and this happened just a few overs before Shikhar (Dhawan) got run out. So I got out in the middle, played a few shots and scored 70-80 runs, said Raina in a YouTube interview. Raina walked out to bat at No.4 when India were 162 for 3 in 29.5 overs. The left-hander smashed a 56-ball 74 with five fours and three sixes, stitching an important 110-run stand with Kohli. Raina also revealed the plan behind Dhonis sudden change of thought. After the match I asked him why did you sent me up the order? He said, I thought you will play better against the leg-spinner who was bowling at that time. He also praised me for my batting. So I also want to know what goes on in his mind, Raina added.  Dhonis strategy did wonders as Pakistans premier leg-spinner Yasir Shah went wicketless in that match. Raina was particularly severe against Yasir. He finished with figures of none for 60 in his 8 overs. The other spinner who was taking the ball away from the right-hander was part-timer Haris Sohail. He too was taken for 26 runs off his 4 overs. Also Read | BCCI will win; theyll get their way: Chappell on IPL replacing T20 WC India, however, failed to put on a massive score as Pakistans Sohail Khan returned to pick up 5 wickets. But still, Indias total of 300 was good enough as Pakistan were bowled out for 227 in 47 overs. Praising Dhoni further Raina said Dhoni always used to stay a step ahead of the game. He was always a step ahead. He used to stand behind the stumps for the entire match, assess the pitch, whether it has turn and swing He was seldom wrong, I can say he was god gifted. Later when I became the captain of Gujarat Lions in IPL, he told me you can come up to me anytime for suggestions, said Raina. Both Raina and Dhoni would have been plying their trade for Chennai Super Kings in the IPL now had the tournament not been postponed indefinitely due to Covid-19. Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 11:56 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/no-respite-from-scorching-heat-wave-in-delhi-over-the-weekend-temperature-likely-to-soar-to-46-c/story-Zdpropyky0sYpi6NPkHHEN.html</url>
<title>No respite from scorching heat wave in Delhi over the weekend, temperature likely to soar to 46C: IMD</title>
<body >The national capital has been reeling under the effect of heat wave conditions this past week and no respite is likely in the days to come. According to the India Meteorological Department, mercury levels touched 45 degrees Celsius on Friday in parts of Delhi and the same is expected on Saturday as well. The Met department, in its city weather forecast bulletin, suggests that the temperature in Delhi is likely to rise as high as 46 degree Celsius on Sunday and continue for the following two days along with heat wave conditions. Kuldeep Srivastava, head of the regional forecasting centre of the IMD, said heat wave condition is likely to continue over Delhi-NCR over the weekend due to hot and dry northwesterly winds prevailing over northwest India. The temperature may take a slight dip later next week with a possibility of rain and thunderstorm around Friday (May 29) in the national capital, the weather department predicts. As per the IMD forecast, heat wave conditions are also likely in isolated areas over Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, Coastal Andhra Pradesh and Yanam, Telangana and Rayalseema on Sunday. In large areas, a heat wave is declared when the maximum temperature is 45 degrees Celsius for two consecutive. Severe heat wave condition is when the mercury touches the 47 degrees Celsius-mark for two consecutive days. In small areas, like Delhi, a heat wave is declared when the temperature soars to 45 degrees Celsius even for a day, according to the IMD. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 16:14 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/half-of-delhi-s-92-containment-zones-turn-orange-offer-hope-of-normalcy/story-UIDw568nr7ne2LmLEhWEjK.html</url>
<title>Half of Delhis 92 containment zones turn orange, offer hope of normalcy</title>
<body >Half of Delhis 92 active containment zones have not reported a single case in the last 14 days and could turn green over the next fortnight or so, a senior Delhi government official said on Saturday. The city government started notifying localities that report Covid-19 cases as containment zones from late March. Since then, officials said 126 localities were declared as containment zones. Over the last few weeks, authorities have removed 34 of these areas from its containment zones list, reducing the number of active zones to 92. Containment zones comprise apartment blocks, gated communities, slums, streets, even entire neighbourhoods. They are complete quarantine zones and no one is allowed to step out even to buy essential goods such as milk, vegetables, fruits etc. All the entry and exit points and even the internal lanes are barricaded. The authorities allow only a number of selected vendors to supply groceries and other essentials to the neighbourhood with the help of RWA and civil defence volunteers. In these zones, health workers conduct house to house surveys, carry out contact tracing to identify potential cases and carry out tests apart from paying special attention to sanitation in the area. The number of localities under containment zones has increased from 80 a week ago to 92 after more localities reported Covid-19 cases and were placed under a hard lockdown. Our analysis of the containment zones implies that the focussed action taken by the administration in containment zones is paying off, a senior government official said. A total of 13 of the 45 containment zones that have not reported any fresh cases over the last 14 days and are classified as orange containment zones are in the South District, the official said. If these 45 zones do not report cases over the next two weeks, about 2.5 lakh more people would be free to get back to their normal lives. An overwhelming majority of them are in two containment zones of the Central Delhi District - Sadar Bazar and Nabi Karim - that are home to 1.7 people. People in these two zones have been living under a hard lockdown for over 40 days. Three other containment zones in Central Delhi District - Chandni Mahal, Bara Hindu Rao and Nawabganj - continue to remain under what is classified in the governments analysis as red containment zone because fresh cases continue to be reported from these areas. Containment Zones that have not reported Covid-19 cases for 14 days: AF Block Shalimar Bagh Gali No 3 Shalimar Village H No-62 B Block Gali No-4 Shastri Park A-97,98,99 Near Buland Masjid, Shastri Park E-51 Main Road and E-224 Gali No-8 Shastri Park T-606, Gali No-18 Gautampuri Block No XH No. 303/6 Gali No. 1 to H. No. 289 Gali No.3 Yadav Villa Sadar Bazar Nabi Karim Entire affected street near Gandhi Park Entire affected street of Gali No. 5, 6  7 L1 Sangam Vihar Affected area around H No A-176 Deoli Extension Shop No. J-4/49 Khirki Extension, Khirki Village Jain Mohalla Pandit Mohalla from Epic Centre 715 Chirag Delhi Boundary Start from B-4/200 and cover the whole locality till backside of Humayupur House No 859/20 L-II Sangam Vihar H No 153/B 4th floor Savitri Nagar Entire area affected at Gali no 2,3, 4 of Deoli Extension H.NO F-258, campa cola Gali, Lado Sarai F-313, Near Shiva Mandir Lado Sarai  F-274, 2nd floor Lado Sarai Apartments in Samshi Talaab, Ward no 8 Mehrauli Jamila Masjid Baoli G, H AND I Block, Police Colony, Model Town Sanjay Enclave, Jahangirpuri H. No. 300 St No.-3 Krishna Puri Main Road Mandawali to H. No- 739/16 Gali. No.-3 Krishna Puri Mandawali H/2-98 C1 Bengali Colony, Mahavir Room No. 13, Plot 1294, Opp DC Office, Kapashera RZF-756/7, Gali No. 01 Band, Raj Nagar-II, Dwarka, New Delhi C-2/119 Block Janakpuri Nizamuddin West (G and D Block Areas) Complete area of Street/Gali No. 18 to 22 of Zakir Nagar  nearby area of Abu Bakar Masjid of Zakir Nagar H.No. 811 to 829 and 842 to 835 khadda Colony, Jaitpur Extn, Part II H.No. 1144 to 1134  618 to 623, Khadda Colony, Jaitpur Extn. Part-II Gali No. 16, Kachhi Colony, Madanpur Khadar Extn Mahela Mohalla, Madanpur Khadar H-Block, Near Umra Masjid, Abu Fazal Enclave. E-Block (House No. 48A to 84A), Abu Fazal Enclave. House No. 53 to 55  25, Shera Mohalla, Garhi, East of Kailash. House No. F-138  F-139, Gali No.01 (Shiv Mandir Wali Gali) Harsh Vihar, Hari Nagar Extension E Pocket GTB Enclave F-70-90 Block Dilshad Colony Pratap Khand Jhilmil Colony Gali no. 3,4,5 East Ram Nagar, Shahdara Dayanand Vihar H.No.15 to 101 Gali No 18, H. No 701/23 to 500/36 B, Vijay Park, Maujpur </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 15:29 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/will-try-to-resume-international-flights-before-august-hardeep-puri/story-EWiICPWCoqyaM5KhmnqCfO.html</url>
<title>Will try to resume international flights before August: Hardeep Puri</title>
<body >Aviation minister Hardeep Puri on Friday said that he will try to resume international passenger flights before August. Just this week, the resumption of domestic flights was announced. The operations begin Monday. We will try to start good percentage of international passenger flights before August, Hardeep Puri said during a Facebook QA session. According to data by Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), domestic flights in the first phase will operate on all routes, taking off from a total of 35 origin cities and landing in 39 destination airports. The government has fixed fare limits for next three months to ensure there is no overcharging by airlines in view of an expected rush of passengers and heightened demand for tickets, Puri said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 16:58 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/intent-to-pick-holes-fm-nirmala-sitharaman-on-fiscal-package-criticism/story-04p750BzeKZDCPiBEXL6zJ.html</url>
<title>Intent to pick holes: FM Nirmala Sitharaman on fiscal package criticism</title>
<body >The intent is not to understand but to pick holes, said Finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman in response to the questions about the fiscal stimulus package of Rs 20 lakh crore being called too little, too late. The FM underlined that the idea is to restart economic activity, put some cash in peoples hands, and infuse liquidity in the system. She was in conversation with party colleague Nalin Kohli answering various facets of the recently announced economic package. We compared announcements made by other countries. We should be not confused about this. Every country has brought in a basket of things, some fiscal, some monetary...They have also gone into liquidity being infused. We are not different form them. The proportion might vary. We have come with measures which will get more liquidity into the market. People will get money in hand and kickstart demand, the FM said. Elaborating the governments approach, the FM said the government has heard everybody and then gone about stimulating economy, restarting companies and giving relaxations. On being told that automobile, retail, entertainment, among others, feel that they got left out, Sitharaman said she did not come up with sectoral references. Have not excluded anyone. People in any sector can approach banks and get loans, she said. The banks, she said, have been told to disburse loans and not fear the 3Cs: the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) and the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG). Have spent time with banks that fear of three 3Cs - CBI, CVC, CAG - should not be in their mind. We discussed threadbare where this fear comes from. If a decision goes wrong, banks are assured that no action will be taken if the decision is not malafide, said the FM. On the charge that the bulk of announcements focus on poor, the marginalised and that the middle class is not on governments radar, Sitharaman stressed that it is not the case. The initial panic was on the EMIs, so worked with the RBI and they responded. I tend to think middle class is there in every segment, like in farm related allied activities, say, you could be part of dairy activity, an intrepreneur, said the FM. She said relief was also provided to the middle class in the budget announcements and pointed to the income tax changes. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 16:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/covid-19-vaccine-development-at-early-stage-in-india-breakthrough-unlikely-within-a-year-experts/story-Hkvm4M6H8eXosP1Kz8dyIL.html</url>
<title>Covid-19 vaccine development at early stage in India; breakthrough unlikely within a year: Experts</title>
<body >As Indian firms scramble to develop a vaccine for coronavirus, experts feel that research in the country is still at a nascent stage and any concrete breakthrough is not likely within a year. The Indian government and private firms have stepped up efforts to develop a vaccine to halt the spread of COVID-19 which has claimed over 3,700 lives with more than 1,25,000 cases in the country. PM CARES Fund Trust has decided to allocate Rs 100 crore for support to coronavirus vaccine development efforts. Referring to a vaccine to fight the virus, a PMO statement had said that it is the most pressing need and Indian academia, start-ups and industry have come together in cutting-edge vaccine design and development. The Department of Biotechnology has been made a central coordination agency to identify pathways for vaccine development.   Naming the Indian firms working on vaccines for COVID-19, Gagandeep Kang, executive director of the Translational Health Science and Technology Institute, Faridabad, had said last month that while Zydus Cadila is working on two vaccines, Serum Institute, Biological E, Bharat Biotech, Indian Immunologicals, and Mynvax are developing one vaccine each.   The WHO has listed Serum Institute of India, Zydus Cadila, Indian Immunologicals Limited and Bharat Biotech from India among the firms involved in developing a vaccine. Leading virologist Shahid Jameel said Indias vaccine manufacturing capacity is quite remarkable and at least three Indian companies - Serum Institute, Bharat Biotech and Biologicals E are at the forefont, working with international partners to manufacture a vaccine for COVID-19.   Research on a COVID vaccine in India is at a very early stage of development and any candidates are likely to reach animal trials only by the end of the year, he told PTI.   However, Indian vaccine companies have a lot of capacity and expertise, and are likely to play a significant role in bringing new COVID-19 vaccines to the market.   This experience is important for institutions, industry and regulators to work together, and prepare for the future, said Jameel, a Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize winner for Science and Technology and the current Chief Executive Officer of Wellcome Trust/Department of Biotechnologys India Alliance. CSIR-Centre for Cellular  Molecular Biology (CCMB) Director Rakesh Mishra said, From what we know, we are not at an advanced stage of vaccine development at the moment.   There are lots of ideas and companies initiating vaccine development process but there is nothing on trial in terms of vaccine candidates, he told PTI. There are many efforts going on with different approaches like somebody wants to use the whole virus or a particular protein so there are multiple processes being deployed, he said. Many Indian companies are collaborating with foreign institutions.Other countries are at much advanced stage than us. Some are going into third stage trials. There is no company testing vaccine in India yet and they are in the pre-clinical stage of preparation, he said. India is quite behind because of a number of reasons like the coronavirus came to India two-three months later so we did not have the (inactivated) virus to test or even the urgency, Mishra said, adding that the Chinese and US are quite ahead in the vaccine development.   If a comparison has to be made we are well behind international efforts, he said. The novel coronavirus strain was isolated and characterised at the Indian Council of Medical Researchs National Institute of Virology, Pune, and the vaccine candidate has been transferred to Bharat Biotech International Limited (BBIL) to develop a fully indigenous vaccine for COVID-19.   Once the vaccine is ready it will go for animal trials to be followed by human clinical trials to assess its safety and efficacy which will take at least one year, a senior ICMR official told PTI. The BBIL is working towards developing killed virus vaccine which usually provides good immunogenicity, the official said, adding that by entering the body it will create antibody against the infection. The  polio drops which are given to children have live attenuated virus, while the polio injection contains killed virus, the official said explaining the different approaches used in developing a vaccine. The BBIL is continuously working in this direction and as soon as they get the right formulation they will move towards animal challenge studies followed by human clinical trials, the official said. Kang, in a webinar held by India Alliance, said there are two separate aspects that relates to vaccines of COVID-19, one is to use existing products and the second is to see if new vaccines can be made.   In terms of projects to develop vaccines there are around 90 plus projects around the world that have initiated to develop new vaccines which use different kinds of technologies. Some are using old technologies like make an inactivated virus and spike protein and other using new technologies that allow you to respond rapidly like using messenger RNA vaccines, Kang said. Every new technology is being applied for making COVID-19 vacines, he said. The Indian firms along with their foreign collaborators are racing against time to develop a vaccine against COVID-19 with over 52 lakh cases and over 3.35 lakh fatalities across the globe. PTI UZM/PLB/ASK  ZMN </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 15:59 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/cyclone-amphan-loss-estimated-at-13-billion-in-india-may-rise-in-bangladesh-officials/story-ljF5KUNUqlmXwkYLkOSnAP.html</url>
<title>Cyclone Amphan loss estimated at $13 billion in India, may rise in Bangladesh: Officials</title>
<body >A powerful cyclone that tore through Indias eastern state of West Bengal this week has caused a damage of 1 trillion rupees ($13 billion) to infrastructure and crops, state officials said. Neighbouring Bangladesh, which also fell in Cyclone Amphans path on Wednesday, initially said it had suffered a loss of 11 billion taka ($130 million). But this could rise, government officials said. The two countries have lost at least 102 people in the cyclone, the most powerful in over a decade, mostly because of house collapses and electrocution. More than 3 million people were evacuated before Amphan made landfall, preventing a large number of deaths. The cyclone has affected more than 13 million people - some losing houses, crops and lands - and over 1.5 million houses have been damaged, two West Bengal government officials told Reuters. In North 24 Parganas, a district in southern West Bengal, 700 villages were flooded and 80,000 people lost their homes, the Times of India newspaper reported. Hundreds of thousands are in relief camps across the state, the officials said, amid concern that lax social distancing norms could fuel a spread of coronavirus cases. In Kolkata, the state capital, authorities struggled to remove debris from roads and clear trees that fell as the cyclone, packing winds of 133 km (83 miles) per hour, pounded the city of 14 million for hours. The cyclone also destroyed farmland in Bangladeshs low-lying coastal areas, damage that will likely endanger livelihoods, non-profit ActionAid said. Communities need urgent support as they are without basic necessities such as food, clean water and materials to rebuild their homes, Farah Kabir, the country director of ActionAid Bangladesh said. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 15:47 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/iran-to-reopen-religious-cultural-sites-as-covid-lockdown-restrictions-ease/story-i7tCz1ZBmxNlJCZ3cGJu3I.html</url>
<title>Iran to reopen religious, cultural sites as Covid lockdown restrictions ease</title>
<body >Iran on Saturday moved to open businesses, religious and cultural sites as it eases restrictions imposed to contain the coronavirus pandemic. Museums and historical sites are to reopen on Sunday to coincide with the Eid el-Fitr celebrations that end the Muslim holy fasting month of Ramadan, President Hassan Rouhani said on state television. Holy shrines  some of which became focal points of the coronavirus epidemic in Iran - will reopen Monday. Rouhani had said last week that the shrines would open for three hours in the morning and three hours in the afternoon. Some areas of the shrines such as narrow corridors will stay shut. All workers in the country will return to work next Saturday. We can say we have passed the three stages regarding the coronavirus, Rouhani said. The fourth phase is containment in 10 of Irans 31 provinces, where the situation is better and screening will intensify while infected patients will be separated from the rest of the population. The president said last week that restaurants would reopen after Ramadan and sports activities would resume without spectators. Universities, but not medical schools, will reopen on June 6. Rouhani said on Saturday that 88 percent of the fatalities from Covid-19 in Iran were victims with underlying illnesses. According to health ministry figures, more than than 7,000 have so far died from the pandemic in Iran and more than 130,000 have been infected. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 14:10 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/it-s-viral/who-needs-a-hooman-parent-when-you-have-such-a-nice-cat-sibling-watch/story-dFmQKmqph1C2ci5g0PeRyN.html</url>
<title>Who needs a hooman parent when you have such a nice cat sibling. Watch</title>
<body >Siblinghood is probably one of the most complex yet rewarding dynamics some have the honour of experiencing. Many believe it is a bittersweet relationship, filled with some fights, some tattling, usually lots of banter, and a whole lot of underlying affection. This video of two cat siblings hanging out represents the beautiful intricacies of this dynamic extremely appropriately. This 15-second-long clip was posted on Reddit on May 23. Shared on the subreddit animals being bros the video has been captioned, Keeping his brother entertained. The recording shows two felines hanging out on a carpet. One black-and-white furred kitty, who is sitting closer to the lens, has a string in its mouth which is attached to a stuffed mouse toy. It uses the string to make the toy go around whilst the other cat watches intensely. Enamoured by the playthings movement, the feline with a dusty-coat lays on the ground. The film ends with the kitty on the further end of the camera staring at the one closer to the lens, probably highly entertained. Now if this isnt a wholesome sibling interaction we dont know what is. Since being shared the post has acquired almost 16,000 upvotes and nearly 100 comments. keeping his brother entertained from r/AnimalsBeingBros Here is how Redditors reacted to the pair. One person said, I like when the brother rolls over a bit and the entertainer stops and looks at him, then the brother was like, okay, go on.... To which another individual responded with, He even kicks his little leg out. I love this, read one comment. A Reddit user further announced, This is wholesome and we completely agree. What are your thoughts on the duo? Also Read | Will Jobe the pup and Judda the cat ever become friends? Watch to find out </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 16:12 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/sports-minister-kiren-rijiju-talks-about-the-future-of-ipl-in-2020/story-0C8fejMwrgAoM1PLMk4pYM.html</url>
<title>Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju talks about the future of IPL in 2020</title>
<body >The future of the Indian Premier League in 2020 has been talked about in great lengths by the cricketing world. The cash-rich league is one of the biggest sporting events in the world while generating a massive amount of revenue for BCCI and cricketers. However, the Covid-19 pandemic has thrown the plans to host season 13 of the IPL in jeopardy. IPL was postponed in March and it is still not clear when the tournament will take place this year. It has been said that the IPL could take place if the T20 World Cup is postponed due to the infectious disease. Rahul Johri, CEO of BCCI, had commented that there are plans in place to hold the Indian Premier League (IPL) with Indian and international players after the monsoon. READ | Is the ICC top job on Sourav Gangulys radar? Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju has talked about the future of sports in this post Covid-19 world. He said that India will not host any international event in immediate future and fans will have to learn to live with the new normal of sporting activities happening behind closed doors in the post COVID-19 world. Rijijus statement gain greater significance in the context of the suspended IPL, which the BCCI wants to host in October-November in case the ICC T20 World Cup in Australia is postponed. We have been working for quite some time now to resume sporting activities but before that we have to think about practice and training. We are not going to have a tournament kind of situation immediately, Rijiju was quoted as saying by India Today. We have to learn to live with the situation where sporting events will have to be carried forward without spectators in stadiums and sports venues, he added. Talking specifically about the 13th edition of IPL, which has been put on hold for an indefinite period due to the pandemic, Rijiju said it is the governments prerogative to take a call on conducting any tournament in the country. In India, the government has to take a call and it will take a call depending on the situation. We cannot put health at risk just because we want to have a sporting event. Our focus is fighting Covid-19 and at the same time we will have to work a mechanism to get back to normalcy. It is difficult to confirm dates but I am sure we will have some kind of sporting events this year, he said. READ| He was known for dropping sitters: Robin Uthappa recalls Sreesanths catch that won India 2007 T20 World Cup Rijijus statement came close on the heels of Sports Authority of India (SAI) laying out a detailed Standard Operating Procedure for resumption of sporting activities across the country in a phased manner. In the background their (athletes) fitness and everything have been tracked. They are in touch with the coaches, the fitness experts, the high performance directors. We are monitoring each and every athlete who are of the higher stature, who played for India and higher clubs, he said. Now it has been laid out. SAI has prepared a detailed SOP. These are prepared by experts from different fields. This SOP has already been issued to all sports federations and other sports bodies including govt stakeholders. So, based on this SOP training will start. The Sports Minister, however, reiterated that resumption of sporting activities will entirely depend on guidelines of respective states and local administrations. We have been clearly advising that health and safety are top priorities. Besides that we have to keep in mind two other things, one is the guidelines issued by the Home Ministry, second, is the guidelines issued by the administrations of the respective localities or states. So, these are to be taken into account, he said. But we have clearly stated that sports complexes and stadiums are open, other than that there should not be any activities till the lockdown is there or we come up with a renewed kind of advice.   Asked about the prospect of the Tokyo Games that were scheduled for this year but were postponed to 2021 due to the pandemic, the Sports Minister said he is hopeful of the quadrennial event taking place on the revised dates. Olympics is still far away and we have full confidence in the Japanese government and IOC and every country will support that the conduct of Tokyo 2021 will not be postponed. There are too many stakes in Olympics, so it is difficult to even foresee that Olympics can be postponed, he said. As far as Indias preparation goes, we are at the best stage of our preparation of any Olympics so far in history. This is going to be Indias biggest contingent so far and have medal-winning prospects. But I am not saying we are so prepared to finish in the top 10 or 5 but our long term target is that India will be in the top 10 in 2028. (with PTI inputs) Get Latest Cricket Updates, Live scores and Top news on HT Cricket. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 16:26 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/education/drdo-recruitment-2020-apply-for-185-scientist-vacancies-from-may-29/story-iFq70wfExNU8Gu7DARISJO.html</url>
<title>DRDO Recruitment 2020: Apply for 185 scientists vacancies from May 29</title>
<body >The online application process for the recruitment of Scientist B at Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) was scheduled to begin on May 22, but due to some technical glitch, the application window will be activated on May 29, 2020. Engineers and postgraduates can apply for the job. Interested and eligible applicants can apply for the positions online at rac.gov.in. The recruitment drive is being conducted to fill 185 vacancies of Scientist B. Out of which, 41 vacancies are for Electronics and Communication Engineering, 43 for Mechanical Engineering, 32 for Computer Science, 12 for Electrical Engineering, 10 for Metallurgy, 8 for Physics, 7 for Chemistry, 6 for Chemical Engineering, 9 for Aeronautical Engineering, 3 for Civil Engineering, 4 for Mathematics, and 10 for Psychology. Candidates must note that the GATE and NET scores are also required to apply for the Scientist B DRDO jobs. For more details, candidates are advised to read the official notification and addendum. </body>
<date >Updated: May 23, 2020 15:43 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/ekta-kapoor-will-forgo-one-year-s-salary-of-rs-2-5-crore-to-save-balaji-telefilms-employees-from-pay-cut/story-qDneyB2S9RcK7mASNpEyuM.html</url>
<title>Ekta Kapoor will forgo one years salary of Rs 2.5 crore to save Balaji Telefilms employees from pay cut</title>
<body >The coronavirus pandemic has hit the television industry particularly hard, as all shoots have been stalled and episode banks are exhausted. As makers of television shows suffer massive losses, producer Ekta Kapoor has announced her decision to forgo a years salary of Rs 2.5 crore, so that her employees at Balaji Telefilms are not forced to take a pay cut. In a statement shared on her Instagram account, Ekta wrote, The impact of CORONA crisis is huge, unprecedented and multi-pronged. We all need to do things that will ease the hardships of people around us and of our country at large. It is my first  foremost responsibility to take care of the various freelancers  daily wage workers who work at Balaji Telefilms  who are going to suffer immense losses due to no shootings in the current scenario and uncertainty over the indefinite period to follow. The statement added, I would thus forsake my one years salary that is Rs. 2.5 crores at Balaji Telefilms so that my co-workers dont have to take a hit during this period of crisis and complete lockdown. The only way ahead, is together. Stay Safe, Stay Healthy. View this post on Instagram           The only way ahead, is together! #StaySafeStayHealthy  A post shared by  Erkrek (@ektarkapoor) on Apr 3, 2020 at 6:28am PDT The only way ahead, is together! #StaySafeStayHealthy  A post shared by  Erkrek (@ektarkapoor) on Apr 3, 2020 at 6:28am PDT Also read: Aamir Khans daughter Ira calls herself fashion disaster, shares struggle with complicated dresses in throwback photo Last month, Ekta announced that since they were unable to shoot new episodes of their popular shows Kumkum Bhagya and Kundali Bhagya, they would temporarily replace it with their ALTBalaji web series Karrle Tu Bhi Mohabbat, starring Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar. The show will air on Zee TV from 9pm to 10pm. Meanwhile, all administrative and production work across Ektas production houses - Balaji Telefilms, Balaji Motion Pictures and ALTBalaji - has been completely stopped. Amongst many firsts, this is the first time we have shut office, as the team worked even during the floods, terror attacks and bank holidays. But today is not about spirit, but safety! she shared in a statement posted on her Instagram account. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 03, 2020 19:21 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/ekta-kapoor-on-becoming-a-mother-i-had-stored-my-eggs-when-i-was-36-had-a-calling-for-a-long-time/story-kpR8oQ6DKlyepOHGGhyZjM.html</url>
<title>Ekta Kapoor on becoming a mother: I had stored my eggs when I was 36. Had a calling for a long time</title>
<body >Filmmaker Ekta Kapoor says she had stored her eggs years ago for when she would be ready to bring a child into the world. In a latest interview with Pinkvilla, Ekta talked about welcoming her son Ravie through surrogacy and how her parents reacted to it. I had stored my eggs when I was 36. Had a calling for a long time I dont know what was it. I dont know I thought I might get married, might not. Very late, if it happens. Or it may never happen because I am not gonna do anything just for the sake of it. I have always been such a nonconformist, there was no way I would...(conform to marriage), she said. Ekta said that her parents had finally accepted that marriage may not be on cards for her after all. She said her mother told her to have the child then but she told her shed do it when the time would be right and via a surrogate. And then one day we got to know my brother (Tusshar Kapoor) wants to do it. And hes done it! And hes come and told us and hes done it. Ill be a single father. Now both my parents are looking gobsmacked, she said. View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Erkrek (@ektarkapoor) on Jan 26, 2020 at 9:43pm PST A post shared by Erkrek (@ektarkapoor) on Jan 26, 2020 at 9:43pm PST Ekta said that seeing her brother embrace single parenthood helped her gain confidence for it as well. The children (her Ravie and Tusshars Laksshya) helped even her parents (veteran actor Jeetendra and television producer Shobhaa Kapoor) be different people. ALSO WATCH |Tulsi or Kamolika? Ekta Kapoor picks her favourite || AUR BATAO  Also read: Neha Kakkar shows pictures of her swanky Rishikesh bungalow and the tiny home she was born in: I always get emotional Ekta welcomed Ravie in January 2019 and recently celebrated his first birthday with the biggest names of television and film world. Ekta also shared pictures and videos with her son, even trolling him for his Radhe-inspired hairstyle from Salman Khans Tere Naam. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Mar 08, 2020 22:36 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/kalki-koechlin-shares-pic-with-daughter-sappho-calls-it-love-at-first-smile-see-it-here/story-MuGXO9fJEsNo44aOU3viiL.html</url>
<title>Kalki Koechlin shares pic with daughter Sappho, calls it love at first smile. See it here</title>
<body >Actor Kalki Koechlin is practising self-isolation in the company of her husband Guy Hershberg and her daughter Sappho. OnSaturday, she shared a new picture with her daughter. She wrote: Covid times #loveatfirstsmile @guyhershberg. In the picture, Kalki holds her daughter in her arms as she sits on a chair. Both are looking at each other and smiling. It is not clear but it seems Sappho has just had a bath. The picture got a response from Anushka Sharma, who dropped red-heart and red-heart eye emojis in the comments section. Lots of other users too dropped heart emojis. One user wrote: Omg! So adorable! Enjoy them...they grow way too fast. View this post on Instagram           Covid times #loveatfirstsmile @guyhershberg A post shared by  Kalki (@kalkikanmani) on Apr 4, 2020 at 11:21pm PDT Covid times #loveatfirstsmile @guyhershberg A post shared by  Kalki (@kalkikanmani) on Apr 4, 2020 at 11:21pm PDT OnFebruary 7, Kalki and Guy become parents to a baby girl, whom they have named Sappho. Few days later, Kalki had taken to Instagram to share the news with all herself and written: So thankful to the whole team at Tulip Womens Care and to my to doctors @docsheetalsabharwal and @drrvpunjabi who simply refused to give up on me even when after 17 hours I was so tired I begged them to take the baby out anyway they could and they said no, youve come this far and youre going to have your natural waterbirth, and an hour later Sappho was born. You guys are miracle workers! Also read: Saif Ali Khan says mom Sharmila Tagores lockdown attitude scares him: She is suddenly saying she has had full life, no regrets She had thanked her team of doctors who did not give up on her even after a 17-hour-long labour. Since then, she has shared more pictures with her daughter. On the occasion of International Womens Day, she had written: Dear women, May you get to do exactly what you want and not what is expected of you or what youre supposed to do. May you give yourself time, love and rest. May you always remember to prioritize yourself in a world which might put you to one side, to pat yourself on the back for the invisible work that you do, and to vocalise the troubles that you overcome . May you never refrain from laughing too loud, or expressing too aggressively or dressing too provocatively. May you look at yourself through the eyes of experience and celebration and not the objectification of the male gaze, may you learn the difference between well intentioned patriarchal advice and true feminist criticism. May you unhook your bra strap, get into your comfiest pyjamas and chill the fuck out. Love from a happy, exhausted feminist mama bear.#happywomensday #womenmatter (By the way dont worry, the baby is safe. The daddy who took the picture is keeping an eye on us #menmatter). The actor, who is born and brought up in India to French parents, announced her pregnancy with boyfriend Guy Hershberg in September 2019. Kalki is known to voice her opinions strongly and has never obliged to bend down in front of societal pressure. (With agencies inputs) Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 05, 2020 13:17 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/rakul-preet-singh-and-her-family-are-feeding-200-families-living-in-gurugram-slum-everyday-will-do-it-till-lockdown-is-in-place/story-yYG2TC7RWLBrPNHT23ufGI.html</url>
<title>Rakul Preet Singh and her family are feeding 200 families living in Gurugram slum everyday: Will do it till lockdown is in place</title>
<body >Actor Rakul Preet Singh has vowed to provide meals to around 200 families from a slum area near her Gurugram home. She said that meals are cooked in her apartment complex and sent to the needy families that are hit hard by the lockdown due to the coronavirus outbreak. Rakul told The Times of India in an interview that she will keep providing the meals until the lockdown is in place. My dad figured this entire slum where people are completely right now out of their basics. We are facilitating two meals a day for all those people and we have decided to do it till the time the lockdown is in place. If the lockdown gets pushed further, I will keep doing that. For now, I have committed till the month of April and then we will see depending on the situation. The food would be cooked at a place in my society and will be sent out to those people, she said. This makes me sooooo proud  thanku ! God bless you and stay safe  https://t.co/P1mL38ZGvW Rakul Singh (@Rakulpreet) April 1, 2020 This makes me sooooo proud  thanku ! God bless you and stay safe  https://t.co/P1mL38ZGvW Also Watch |Coronavirus: What will Rakul Preet Singh eat during lockdown?  Inspired by the actor, one of her fans also ventured out to feed the hungry. Rakul retweeted his pictures. @Rakulpreet..The poor people,daily wage works and the beggars are in real crisis..As a part our team @rakulisam143 come forward to help them by giving food 200 packets nd banans and water packets .This all are done by love and inspiration for are idol @Rakulpreet tnq ol, the fan wrote. Rakul replied, This makes me sooooo proud thanku ! God bless you and stay safe, she wrote. Also read:Saif Ali Khan says mom Sharmila Tagores lockdown attitude scares him Rakul added in a tweet that the idea would not have been successful without her parents help. I could not have done this without my parents help. They are monitoring everything and its the least we can do, she said. Rakul has joined the long list of celebrities who are doing their bit in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic. Shah Rukh Khan, Akshay Kumar, Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh and Priyanka Chopra, among others, have all made donations to the cause. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 06, 2020 13:38 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/ananya-panday-says-never-met-anyone-so-grounded-and-humble-as-vijay-deverakonda/story-1vd08wtxxEaVfFX156R0WN.html</url>
<title>Ananya Panday says never met anyone so grounded and humble as Vijay Deverakonda</title>
<body >Bollywood actor Ananya Panday will soon be seen in Telugu star Vijay Deverakondas Bollywood debut, Fighter and has said that the south star is very grounded and humble. Speaking with Mid Day in an interview, Ananya said, I have yet to meet someone who is so grounded and humble despite being such a huge star. He is kind and soft spoken. View this post on Instagram           Happy, blessed and excited to be associated for a Pan-India film  with our director @purijagannadh  Producers @karanjohar @charmmekaur @apoorva1972 @DharmaMovies @PuriConnects #PCfilm  Welcoming Mr. Deverakonda @TheDeverakonda to Bollywood  #AnanyaPandayVijayDeverakonda A post shared by  Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on Feb 19, 2020 at 8:31pm PST Happy, blessed and excited to be associated for a Pan-India film  with our director @purijagannadh  Producers @karanjohar @charmmekaur @apoorva1972 @DharmaMovies @PuriConnects #PCfilm  Welcoming Mr. Deverakonda @TheDeverakonda to Bollywood  #AnanyaPandayVijayDeverakonda A post shared by  Ananya  (@ananyapanday) on Feb 19, 2020 at 8:31pm PST She further elaborated that the film will be released in various languages, adding that Oscar-winning film Parasite recently proved that language is not a barrier anymore. We both are entering different territories; I am new to south cinema, and Vijay is foraying into Hindi cinema. So, we both are nervous and can relate to the others state of mind. I have a strong character arc in the film, and my part is pivotal. So, it has been a liberating experience to be part of such a film. Also, at the end of the day, I think content is all that matters. We shouldnt divide the industries on the basis of language. Parasite (Korean film, 2019) winning at the Oscars has shown that language isnt a barrier anymore. Actually, the film will be released in five languages. So when we go into dubbing, I will try and dub in as many languages as I can, she said. Also read: Kalki Koechlin shares pic with daughter Sappho, calls it love at first smile. See it here Last month, Ananya had shared a few candid snaps from a script-reading session for the project and wrote, Happy, blessed and excited to be associated for a Pan-India film with our director @purijagannadh Producers @karanjohar @charmmekaur @apoorva1972 @DharmaMovies @PuriConnects #PCfilm Welcoming Mr. Deverakonda @TheDeverakonda to Bollywood #AnanyaPandayVijayDeverakond. In the photos, the two actors seemed to be bonding well as they looked engrossed in going through their scripts. Ananya was recently seen alongside Bhumi Pednekar and Kartik Aaryan in Mudassar Azizs Pati Patni Aur Woh where she played the girlfriend while Kartik and Bhumi essayed the roles of husband and wife. Earlier, she made her debut with Tara Sutaria and Tiger Shroff in Student of the Year 2. Follow @htshowbiz for more </body>
<date >Updated: Apr 05, 2020 14:31 IST</date>
<url >https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/many-are-locked-down-with-their-violence-perpetrator-with-no-escape-nandita-das/story-ZBV8Im2im4JkrfcnB95rHK.html</url>
<title>Many are locked down with their violent perpetrator, with no escape: Nandita Das</title>
<body >A while back, Nandita Das, along with other actors, featured in a one-minute video on the rise in domestic violence cases during the lockdown and urged people to report such cases around them. Das says that the health pandemic gave way to the shadow pandemic in no time. We didnt realise that Stay home, stay safe would be a luxury. But the irony of it should not be lost on us as many women battle the situation in their homes. Many are locked down with their violent perpetrator, with no escape, she says. The director-actor says that its our responsibility to help those undergoing trauma. She says, There are many credible organisations working with victims of domestic violence during these times, offering resources, support and counselling services. We should contribute and donate as much as we can to them. We also need to look around us  our house help, friends, family  and look for the signs, be good listeners and give the victims the confidence that they will be heard.         View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Nandita Das (@nanditadasofficial) on Mar 26, 2020 at 11:53pm PDT A post shared by Nandita Das (@nanditadasofficial) on Mar 26, 2020 at 11:53pm PDT A popular name in the world of theatre, Das is happy with the latest trend of plays are making their presence felt on the virtual medium. She opines, Its a different experience than being in an auditorium and not necessarily a worse one. Its just different. Many say that theatre is deeply connected to audience responses and is an experiential form. All true, but so many great plays havent been documented and weve all missed out on watching them. I wish all the great plays were available online to watch.         View this post on Instagram           A short talk about recreating the times in Manto- the process, challenges and excitement of going back to the 40s #avidonline #avidlearning A post shared by  Nandita Das (@nanditadasofficial) on May 3, 2020 at 9:10pm PDT A short talk about recreating the times in Manto- the process, challenges and excitement of going back to the 40s #avidonline #avidlearning A post shared by  Nandita Das (@nanditadasofficial) on May 3, 2020 at 9:10pm PDT The Manto (2018) director says that with the changing times, one needs to let art branch out across new mediums. Theres no point being puritanical. During this time, many museums have opened up their collections and many cultural organisations have made their archives available online. Several art institutions are also reinventing themselves, seeing how they can share their work and keep the audiences engaged with online theatre, music and dance, she signs off. </body>
<date >Updated: May 07, 2020 20:56 IST</date>
</root>

